1. Business and Success
1. 商业与成功

I said, 'I will build you this incredible, gorgeous, gleaming hotel. I will put people to work in the construction trades and save hotel jobs and the Grand Central area will come around.' So the city made the deal.
—Bender, Marilyn (7 August 1983), "The Empire and Ego of Donald Trump", The New York Times
我说：“我会为你建造这座令人惊叹、华丽夺目、熠熠生辉的酒店。我会招募建筑行业人才，保住酒店业的就业机会，中央车站区也会随之复苏。”于是，市政府同意了这笔交易。
—本德，玛丽莲（1983 年 8 月 7 日），《唐纳德·特朗普的帝国与自我》，《纽约时报》

Some people have an ability to negotiate. It's an art you're basically born with. You either have it or you don't.
It would take an hour-and-a-half to learn everything there is to learn about missiles. I think I know most of it anyway. You're talking about just getting updated on a situation
—Romano, Lois (15 November 1984), "Donald Trump, Holding All The Cards The Tower! The Team! The Money! The Future!", Washington Post, talking about his desire to be involved in negotiations with the then Soviet Union
有些人天生就有谈判的能力。这几乎是一门与生俱来的艺术。要么有，要么没有。
要学习所有关于导弹的知识，需要一个半小时。反正我觉得我已经掌握了大部分了。你说的只是了解最新情况而已。
——罗伊丝·罗马诺（1984年11月15日），《华盛顿邮报》，“唐纳德·特朗普，手握所有王牌：塔！团队！金钱！未来！”，谈到他渴望参与与当时的苏联的谈判

I have featured and will always continue to feature my name prominently in all my enterprises.
—Business Week (July 22, 1985)
我的名字始终出现在我所有的企业中，并且将继续如此。
——《商业周刊》（1985年7月22日）

I look at things for the art sake and the beauty sake and for the deal sake.
—New York (July 11, 1988), p. 24
我看事物是为了艺术、为了美感、为了交易。
——《纽约》（1988年7月11日），第24页

I like to hire people that I've seen in action. I often hire people that were on the opposing side of a deal that I respect.
—The Washington Post (September 23, 1989), as quoted in The World According to Trump (2005) by Ken Lawrence, p. 25
我喜欢聘用那些我亲眼见过实干的人。我经常聘用那些我尊重的交易对手。
——《华盛顿邮报》（1989年9月23日），摘自肯·劳伦斯的《特朗普眼中的世界》（2005年），第25页

I don't do it for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it. Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 1
我做生意不是为了钱。我的钱已经够多了，远超我的需求。我做生意就是为了赚钱。交易是我的艺术形式。别人在画布上画得很漂亮，或者写得很棒。我喜欢做交易，最好是大交易。这就是我的乐趣所在。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第1页

I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 2
我努力从过去汲取教训，但规划未来时，我专注于当下。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第2页

Sometimes it pays to be a little wild.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 5
有时候，放纵一下也是有好处的。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第5页

Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 28
经验教会了我几件事。一是无论纸面上看起来多么美好，都要听从你的直觉。二是，通常情况下，坚持你所了解的总是更好的。三是，有时最好的投资就是那些你没有去做的投资。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第28页

My philosophy is always to hire the best from the best.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 31
我的理念始终是从最优秀的人才中挖出最优秀的人才。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第31页

Deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 45
交易能力是与生俱来的，根植于基因。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第45页

I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. And that gives people like me a great advantage.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 46
我喜欢胸怀大志，一直如此。对我来说，道理很简单：既然无论如何都要思考，那就不妨胸怀大志。大多数人目光短浅，因为大多数人害怕成功，害怕做决定，害怕获胜。而这给了像我这样的人巨大的优势。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第46页

I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 47
我不满足于仅仅过上好日子。我渴望展现自我。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第47页

People think I'm a gambler. I've never gambled in my life. To me, a gambler is someone who plays slot machines. I prefer to own slot machines. It's a very good business being the house.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 48
人们以为我是个赌徒。我这辈子从来没赌过。对我来说，赌徒就是玩老虎机的人。我更喜欢拥有老虎机。做赌场老板真是一门好生意。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第48页

The point is that you can't be too greedy.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 48
关键在于，你不能太贪婪。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第48页

I'm a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. ... I ask and I ask and I ask, until I begin to get a gut feeling about something. And that's when I make a decision. I have learned much more from conducting my own random surveys than I could ever have learned from the greatest of consulting firms.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. pp. 51–52
我坚信在做决定之前，应该先征求所有人的意见……我会不断地问，直到我对某件事有了直觉。然后我才会做决定。我从自己进行的随机调查中学到的东西，比从最伟大的咨询公司学到的还要多。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第51-52页

The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. That makes the other guy smell blood, and then you're dead. The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you can have. Leverage is having something the other guy wants. Or better yet, needs. Or best of all, simply can't do without. Unfortunately, that isn't always the case, which is why leverage often requires imagination, and salesmanship.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 53
在交易中，最糟糕的做法就是表现出不顾一切地想要达成交易。这会让对方闻到血腥味，然后你就死定了。你能做的最好的事情就是凭借实力来交易，而筹码就是你能拥有的最大优势。筹码就是拥有对方想要的东西。或者更好的是，需要的东西。或者最好的是，根本就离不开它。不幸的是，情况并非总是如此，这就是为什么筹码往往需要想象力和推销技巧。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第53页

The final key to the way I promote is bravado. I play to people's fantasies. People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular. I call it truthful hyperbole. It's an innocent form of exaggeration—and a very effective form of promotion.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 58
我推广方式的最后一个关键是虚张声势。我利用人们的幻想。人们自己可能并不总是胸怀大志，但他们仍然会被那些胸怀大志的人所激动。这就是为什么稍微夸张一点总是有益无害的。人们希望相信某件事是最大、最伟大、最壮观的。我称之为真实的夸张。这是一种无害的夸张——也是一种非常有效的推广方式。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第58页

My experience is that if you're fighting for something you believe in—even if it means alienating some people along the way—things usually work out for the best in the end.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 59
我的经验是，如果你为你所信仰的东西而奋斗——即使这意味着在此过程中疏远一些人——事情最终通常都会有最好的结果。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第59页

One of the problems when you become successful is that jealousy and envy inevitably follow. There are people—I categorize them as life's losers—who get their sense of accomplishment and achievement from trying to stop others. As far as I'm concerned, if they had any real ability they wouldn't be fighting me, they'd be doing something constructive themselves.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 59
成功后，随之而来的问题之一就是嫉妒和羡慕。有些人——我把他们归类为人生失败者——通过试图阻止他人来获得成就感和成就感。在我看来，如果他们真有能力，就不会跟我斗了，他们自己也会做一些有建设性的事情。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第59页

You can't con people, at least not for long. You can create excitement, you can do wonderful promotion and get all kinds of press, and you can throw in a little hyperbole. But if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 60
你骗不了人，至少骗不了多久。你可以制造热闹，你可以做精彩的宣传，获得各种媒体报道，你还可以加入一些夸张的说辞。但如果你不兑现承诺，人们最终会明白的。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第60页

Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 63
金钱从来不是我的动力，除了用来记录得分。真正的乐趣在于参与其中。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第63页

Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 65
参与进来，把事情做好，把事情做好，然后离开。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第65页

The most important thing in life is to love what you're doing, because that's the only way you'll ever be really good at it.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 67
人生最重要的事就是热爱你所做的事情，因为这是你真正做好它的唯一途径。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第67页

You can't be scared. You do your thing, you hold your ground, you stand up tall, and whatever happens, happens.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 89
你无所畏惧。你做你自己，坚守自己的立场，昂首挺胸，该发生什么就发生什么。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第89页

My own mother was a housewife all her life. And yet it's turned out that I've hired a lot of women for top jobs, and they've been among my best people. Often, in fact, they are far more effective than the men around them.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 173
我的母亲终生都是家庭主妇。然而，事实证明，我雇佣了很多女性担任高管，她们也都是我最优秀的人才。事实上，她们往往比身边的男性效率高得多。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第173页

In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 355
最终，衡量你的不是你付出了多少，而是你最终取得了什么。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第355页

What I admire most are people who put themselves directly on the line.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 367
我最敬佩的是那些敢于直面挑战的人。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第367页

In my life, there are two things I've found I'm very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.
—From Trump: The Art of the Deal (1987) by Donald J. Trump with Tony Schwartz. p. 367
在我的人生中，我发现自己擅长两件事：克服障碍和激励优秀人才做到最好。
——摘自唐纳德·J·特朗普与托尼·施瓦茨合著的《特朗普：交易的艺术》（1987年），第367页

Leona Helmsley is a truly evil human being. She treated employees worse than any human being I've ever witnessed and I've dealt with some of the toughest human beings alive.
—Glenn Plaskin (March 1990), "The Playboy Interview with Donald Trump", Playboy
利昂娜·赫尔姆斯利真是个恶毒的人。她对待员工比我见过的任何人都要差，而我曾经和一些世上最强悍的人打过交道。
——格伦·普拉斯金（1990 年 3 月），《花花公子》杂志对唐纳德·特朗普的采访，《花花公子》

Let's make a deal; if you promise not to get "personal" with me, I will promise not to show you as the crude, fat and obnoxious slob which everyone knows you are. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump.
—Letter to journalist Shannon Donnelly, 1996
我们做个约定吧：如果你保证不跟我“人身攻击”，我就保证不把你展现成众所周知的粗鲁、肥胖、令人讨厌的邋遢鬼。此致，唐纳德·J·特朗普。
——1996年致记者香农·唐纳利的信

It's very possible that I could be the first presidential candidate to run and make money on it.
—Reported by Jerry Useem, "What Does Donald Trump Really Want?", Fortune, 3 April 2000.
我很有可能成为第一个竞选总统并以此赚钱的候选人。
——杰瑞·尤西姆报道，《唐纳德·特朗普到底想要什么？》，《财富》，2000年4月3日。

I think the regulations are very tough, but I think they could be made tougher. And where they really have to be made tougher is when somebody is proven to be dishonest, not a mistake, not an honest mistake because look, people make bad business deals all the time. When somebody is proven to be dishonest, really harsh punishment has to take place.
—Hardball with Chris Matthews (15 July 2002), as quoted in The World According to Trump (2005) by Ken Lawrence, p. 23
我认为这些规定已经很严格了，但我认为可以更严格一些。真正需要更严格的地方是，当有人被证明不诚实时，这并非错误，也不是无心之失，因为瞧，人们总是在做糟糕的交易。当有人被证明不诚实时，就必须受到真正严厉的惩罚。
——《与克里斯·马修斯的硬球》（2002年7月15日），引自肯·劳伦斯的《特朗普眼中的世界》（2005年），第23页

I don't know how you do it. I've put together some really impressive deals, but this thing you've pulled off, it's amazing: a Big N' Tasty for just a dollar. How do you do it? What's your secret? Together Grimace, we could own this town.
—Trump's lines in a McDonald's advert (2002), quoted in Rachel Desantis (15 January 2019), "Donald Trump’s lifelong love of fast food, from his 2002 McDonald’s commercial to ‘hamberders’", New York Daily News
我不知道你是怎么做到的。我做过一些非常令人印象深刻的交易，但你做的这件事，简直太神奇了：只需一美元就能买到一份“Big N' Tasty”。你是怎么做到的？你的秘诀是什么？Grimace，我们一起，就能拥有这座城市。
——特朗普在麦当劳广告中的台词（2002年），Rachel Desantis（2019年1月15日）引用，《纽约每日新闻》：“唐纳德·特朗普一生对快餐的热爱，从他2002年的麦当劳广告到‘汉堡王’”

If you don't tell people about your success, they probably won't know about it.
—Trump: How to Get Rich (2004), p. xiii
如果你不告诉别人你的成功，他们可能就不知道。
——《特朗普：如何致富》（2004年），第13页

—In business—every business—the bottom line is understanding the process. If you don't understand the process, you'll never reap the rewards of the process.
—Trump: How to Get Rich (2004), p. 86
在商业领域——每一行——最重要的是理解流程。如果你不理解流程，你就永远无法获得流程带来的回报。
——《特朗普：如何致富》（2004），第86页

Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself—anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.
—Trump: The Way to the Top: The Best Business Advice I Ever Received (2004), p. 20
观察、倾听、学习。你不可能无所不知——任何自以为无所不知的人注定平庸。
——特朗普：《通往巅峰之路：我收到的最佳商业建议》（2004），第20页

I don't like firing people. It's not a pleasant thing and it's sad. ... In some cases, it's a terrible, terrible situation for the person who gets fired, how strongly they take it. So it's not something that any rational or sane person can love doing, but it also happens to be a fact of life in business.
—Boston Herald (7 January 2004), as quoted in The World According to Trump (2005) by Ken Lawrence, p. 16
我不喜欢解雇人。这不是一件令人愉快的事情，而且令人难过……在某些情况下，对于被解雇的人来说，无论他们承受的痛苦程度如何，这都是非常糟糕的情况。所以，任何理性或理智的人都不会喜欢做这种事，但这恰恰是商业生活中的现实。
——《波士顿先驱报》（2004年1月7日），摘自肯·劳伦斯的《特朗普眼中的世界》（2005年），第16页

Pregnancy is "a wonderful thing for the woman, it's a wonderful thing for the husband, it's certainly an inconvenience for a business."
—About pregnancy (2004)
怀孕“对女人来说是一件美妙的事，对丈夫来说也是一件美妙的事，但对企业来说，这无疑是一件不便的事。”
——《关于怀孕》（2004）

Since I love what I do, I do it vigorously and I do it better. Because I inject it with enthusiasm and passion, it doesn't feel like work. My passion spills over to everyone around me and motivates them to do their very best.
—Trump 101 The Way to Success (2007), p. 1
因为我热爱我所做的事情，所以我干得非常卖力，而且做得更好。因为我倾注了热情和激情，所以感觉不像是在工作。我的热情感染着身边的每一个人，激励着他们竭尽全力。
——《特朗普101：成功之道》（2007），第1页

Passion is absolutely necessary to achieve any kind of long-lasting success. I know this from experience. If you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or, at best, be mediocre.
—Trump 101 The Way to Success (2007), p. 2
激情对于任何持久的成功都至关重要。我的经验之谈就是如此。如果你缺乏激情，你所做的一切最终都会失败，或者充其量只是平庸之作。
——《特朗普101：成功之道》（2007），第2页

If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything, I'd have been sunk before I started... Never think of learning as being a burden or studying as being boring. It may require some discipline, but it can be an adventure. It can also prepare you for a new beginning.
—Think Like a Champion: An Informal Education In Business and Life (2009), pp. 16–17
如果一开始就以为自己无所不知，那我可能还没开始就被击垮了……永远不要把学习当成负担，也不要觉得学习枯燥乏味。学习可能需要一些自律，但它也可以是一场冒险。它也能让你为新的开始做好准备。
——《像冠军一样思考：商业与生活的非正式教育》（2009），第16-17页

Well, I think I was born with a drive for success. I had a father who was successful. He was a builder in Brooklyn and Koreans. And he was successful. And, you know, I have a certain gene. I'm a gene believer. Hey, when you connect two race horses, you usually end up with a fast horse. And I really was -- you know, I had a -- a good gene pool from the standpoint of that.
—CNN interview (February 2010)
嗯，我觉得我天生就渴望成功。我父亲很成功。他是布鲁克林和韩国人聚居的建筑商。他很成功。而且，你知道，我身上有一种基因。我是一个基因信徒。嘿，当你把两匹赛马配对在一起时，通常最终会得到一匹快马。而我的确——你知道，我拥有——一个——从这个角度来看很好的基因库。
——CNN 采访（2010 年 2 月）

They asked John McCain for his birth certificate. They've asked others for their birth certificate. They asked Bush for his birth certificate, by the way. I just found out over the weekend. And they would ask me for my birth certificate and by the way, it's sitting on the top of my desk. They give you a certificate of live birth, which anybody can get, just walk into the hospital, and you get a certificate of live birth. It's not even signed by people. Now, this guy either has a birth certificate or he doesn't. And I didn't think this was such a big deal, but I will tell you, it's turning out to be a very big deal because people now are calling me from all over saying, please don't give up on this issue. If you weren't born in this country, you cannot be president.
—About Barack Obama's birth certificate. Fox & Friends, Fox News, 28 March 2011  "Fox Goes Birther: Trump Tells Unquestioning Co-hosts, "I'm Starting To Wonder...Whether Or Not [Obama] Was Born In This Country"", Media Matters for America, 28 March 2011, retrieved on 2011-03-30
他们向约翰·麦凯恩索要出生证明，也向其他人索要过出生证明。顺便说一句，他们还向布什索要过出生证明。我上周末才知道。他们还会向我索要我的出生证明，顺便说一句，它就放在我的桌子上。他们会给你一张活产证明，任何人都可以拿到，只要走进医院，就能拿到。上面甚至没有人签字。现在，这个人要么有出生证明，要么没有。我本来以为这没什么大不了的，但我要告诉你，这事儿现在变得非常严重，因为现在到处都有人打电话给我，说，请不要放弃这个问题。如果你不是在这个国家出生，你就不能当总统。
——关于巴拉克·奥巴马的出生证明。 《福克斯与朋友们》，福克斯新闻，2011年3月28日  “福克斯追问出生地：特朗普对毫不怀疑的联合主持人说：‘我开始怀疑……（奥巴马）是不是在这个国家出生的’”，《美国媒体事务》，2011年3月28日，检索日期：2011年3月30日

I know the Chinese. I've made a lot of money with the Chinese. I understand the Chinese mind.
—As quoted in Tony Pierce (3 May 2011), "Donald Trump has read a lot of books on China: 'I understand the Chinese mind'", Los Angeles Times, and in John Mauldin (24 August 2015), "Playing the Chinese Trump Card", Forbes
我了解中国人。我和中国人一起赚了很多钱。我了解中国人的想法。
——托尼·皮尔斯（2011年5月3日）在《洛杉矶时报》撰文称：“唐纳德·特朗普读了很多关于中国的书：‘我了解中国人的想法’”；约翰·莫尔丁（2015年8月24日）在《福布斯》撰文称：“打中国王牌”

I dealt with Gaddafi. I rented him a piece of land. He paid me more for one night than the land was worth for two years, and then I didn't let him use the land. That's what we should be doing. I don't want to use the word 'screwed,' but I screwed him. That's what we should be doing.
—As quoted in "Donald Trump: In his own colourful words", BBC News, 22 July 2015
我跟卡扎菲打过交道。我租给他一块地。他付给我一晚的房租比地价两年都高，然后我就不让他用了。这才是我们应该做的。我不想用“搞砸”这个词，但我确实搞砸了他。这才是我们应该做的。
——摘自BBC新闻，2015年7月22日，《唐纳德·特朗普：用他自己的话来说》

She's a slob, she talks like a truck driver.
If I were running my business, I'd fire Rosie, I mean, I'd look her right in that fat ugly face of hers and say, "Rosie, you're fired."
—On an interview on why he hates Rosie O'Donnell (28 August 2011)
她邋遢，说话像卡车司机。
如果我经营自己的生意，我会炒掉罗西，我的意思是，我会直视她那张又肥又丑的脸，对她说：“罗西，你被解雇了。”
——在接受采访时谈到他为什么讨厌罗西·奥唐纳（2011年8月28日）

Republicans didn't have anything going for them with respect to Latinos and with respect to Asians... The Democrats didn't have a policy for dealing with illegal immigrants, but what they did have going for them is they weren't mean-spirited about it... They didn't know what the policy was, but what they were is they were kind... He had a crazy policy of self deportation which was maniacal... It sounded as bad as it was, and he lost all of the Latino vote... He lost the Asian vote. He lost everybody who is inspired to come into this country... Take care of this incredible problem that we have with respect to immigration, with respect to people wanting to be wonderful productive citizens of this country.
—Interview with Newsmax (November 2012), quoted in Jim Geraghty (10 July 2015), "Trump 2008: Bush Is Evil, Talk to Iran, Obama Cannot Do Worse Than Bush", National Review
共和党在拉美裔和亚裔问题上毫无优势……民主党没有处理非法移民的政策，但他们的优势在于，他们对此并不刻薄……他们不知道政策是什么，但他们的优势在于，他们很友善……他有一个疯狂的自我驱逐政策，简直是疯癫……这听起来和实际上一样糟糕，他失去了所有拉美裔选民……他失去了亚裔选民。他失去了所有渴望来到这个国家的人……解决好我们在移民问题上遇到的这个不可思议的问题，解决好那些渴望成为这个国家优秀、有生产力的公民的人们的问题。
——接受Newsmax采访（2012年11月），引用自Jim Geraghty（2015年7月10日）在《国家评论》上发表的文章“特朗普2008：布什是邪恶的，与伊朗对话，奥巴马不可能比布什更糟糕”

I keep asking, how long will we go on defending South Korea from North Korea without payment? South Korea is a very very rich country. They're rich because of us. They sell us televisions, they sell us cars. They sell us everything. They are making a fortune. We have a huge deficit with South Korea. They're friends of mine. I do deals with them. I've been partners with them, no problem. But they think we're stupid. They can't believe it. We are defending them against North Korea, we're doing it for nothing. We're not in that position. When will they start to pay us for this defense? Isn't it really ridiculous when you think of it? They make a fortune on the United States and then they got some problems, and what happens? They call the United States to defend them, and we get nothing?
—"From the Desk of Donald Trump: South Korea" YouTube (10 April 2013)
我一直在问，我们还要多久才能保卫韩国免受朝鲜的侵害，却得不到任何报酬？韩国是一个非常非常富裕的国家。他们之所以富裕是因为我们。他们卖给我们电视机，卖给我们汽车，卖给我们一切。他们赚得盆满钵满。我们对韩国有巨大的贸易逆差。他们是我的朋友。我和他们做生意，也和他们合作过，这没什么问题。但他们觉得我们傻，简直不敢相信。我们保卫他们免受朝鲜的侵害，我们这样做完全是无偿的。我们还没到那种地步。他们什么时候才会开始付钱给我们做这些防务？想想就觉得很荒谬，是不是？他们靠美国发了财，然后就出了问题，结果呢？他们叫美国来保卫他们，我们却什么也没得到？
——“唐纳德·特朗普的办公桌：韩国”YouTube（2013年4月10日）

So I said to myself, you know, nobody's ever going to know unless I run, because I'm really proud of my success.
—Announcement speech (June 2015)
所以我对自己说，除非我参选，否则没人会知道，因为我真的为自己的成功感到自豪。
——宣布参选演讲（2015年6月）

Our country is in serious trouble. We don't have victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we don't have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time. When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't exist, folks. They beat us all the time. When do we beat Mexico at the border? They're laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they are beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me. But they're killing us economically. The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们的国家正深陷困境。我们再也赢不了了。我们曾经有过胜利，但现在却一去不复返了。上次有人看到我们在贸易协议中击败中国是什么时候？他们把我们搞垮了。我一直在打败中国。一直都在。我们什么时候在任何事情上打败过日本？他们把数百万辆汽车运过来，而我们却在做什么？你上次在东京看到雪佛兰是什么时候？朋友们，它根本不存在。他们一直在打败我们。我们什么时候在边境打败过墨西哥？他们在嘲笑我们，嘲笑我们的愚蠢。现在他们在经济上打败我们。相信我，他们不是我们的朋友。但他们正在经济上扼杀我们。美国已经成为了其他所有人问题的倾倒场。 
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦发表演讲宣布竞选美国总统——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I've watched the politicians. I've dealt with them all my life. If you can't make a good deal with a politician, then there's something wrong with you. You're certainly not very good. And that's what we have representing us. They will never make America great again. They don't even have a chance. They're controlled fully — they're controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests, fully.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我观察过政客们，我一辈子都在和他们打交道。如果你不能和政客达成好的协议，那你就有问题了。你肯定不怎么样。而我们正是靠他们来代表我们。他们永远不会让美国再次伟大。他们甚至连机会都没有。他们完全被控制了——完全被游说者、金主和特殊利益集团控制了。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Our country needs a truly great leader, and we need a truly great leader now. We need a leader that wrote "The Art of the Deal." We need a leader that can bring back our jobs, can bring back our manufacturing, can bring back our military, can take care of our vets. Our vets have been abandoned. And we also need a cheerleader. ... We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It's not great again.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们的国家需要一位真正伟大的领导人，我们现在就需要一位。我们需要一位写过《交易的艺术》的领导人。我们需要一位能够带回我们的工作岗位、带回我们的制造业、带回我们的军队、带回我们的退伍军人的领导人。我们的退伍军人被抛弃了。我们也需要一个啦啦队员……我们需要一个能够接过美国品牌，让它再次伟大的人。它已经不再伟大了。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

You know, all of my life, I've heard that a truly successful person, a really, really successful person and even modestly successful cannot run for public office. Just can't happen. And yet that's the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
你知道，我这辈子都听说，一个真正成功的人，一个非常非常成功的人，甚至一个略微成功的人，都不能竞选公职。根本不可能。然而，这正是让这个国家再次伟大起来所需要的心态。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deal's even better. How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are these politicians to allow this to happen? How stupid are they?
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们欠中国1.3万亿美元。我们欠日本的还不止这些。所以他们进来，抢走我们的工作，拿走我们的钱，然后把钱借给我们，我们再付利息给他们，然后美元升值，他们的交易就更加划算了。我们的领导人有多蠢？这些政客又有多蠢，竟然允许这种事情发生？他们有多蠢？
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I'm a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need really talented people to negotiate for you. If you don't have talented people, if you don't have great leadership, if you don't have people that know business, not just a political hack that got the job because he made a contribution to a campaign, which is the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible. Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people, but we have people that are stupid. We have people that aren't smart. And we have people that are controlled by special interests. And it's just not going to work.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我是一个自由贸易主义者。但自由贸易的问题在于，你需要真正有才华的人来为你谈判。如果你没有人才，如果你没有杰出的领导力，如果你没有懂商业的人，而不仅仅是一个靠竞选捐款获得职位的政治骗子（几乎所有工作都是这样获得的），那么自由贸易就糟糕透了。如果你有聪明的人，自由贸易可能会很棒，但我们也有一些愚蠢的人。我们有一些不聪明的人。我们有一些被特殊利益集团控制的人。这根本行不通。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I love the Saudis. Many are in this building. They make a billion dollars a day. Whenever they have problems, we send over the ships. We say "we're gonna protect." What are we doing? They've got nothing but money.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我爱沙特人。很多人在这栋楼里。他们每天赚十亿美元。每当他们遇到麻烦，我们就派船过来。我们说“我们要保护”。我们到底在干什么？他们除了钱什么都没有。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

This is going to be an election that's based on competence, because people are tired of these nice people. And they're tired of being ripped off by everybody in the world. And they're tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, than any nation in the world, and we are 26th in the world, 25 countries are better than us in education. And some of them are like third world countries. But we're becoming a third word country, because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So one of the things I did, and I said, you know what I'll do. I'll do it. Because a lot of people said, "He'll never run. Number one, he won't want to give up his lifestyle." They're right about that, but I'm doing it.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
这将是一场以能力为基础的选举，因为人们厌倦了这些好人。他们厌倦了被世界上所有人欺骗。他们厌倦了我们在教育上的人均投入比世界上任何一个国家都多，比世界上任何一个国家都多。而我们在世界上排名第26位，有25个国家的教育水平比我们高。其中一些国家甚至像第三世界国家。但由于我们的基础设施、机场、道路等等，我们正在成为第三世界国家。所以我做的一件事，我说，你知道我会做什么。我会这么做。因为很多人说：“他永远不会参选。首先，他不想放弃自己的生活方式。”他们说得对，但我还是会参选。 
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦发表演讲宣布竞选美国总统——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won't be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who's making a horrible and laughable deal, who's just being tapped along as they make weapons right now, and then goes into a bicycle race at 72 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. I won't be doing that. And I promise I will never be in a bicycle race. That I can tell you.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我会阻止伊朗获得核武器。我们不会启用像克里国务卿这样对谈判毫无概念的人，他正在达成可怕又可笑的协议，在他们制造武器的过程中被人牵着鼻子走，然后在72岁高龄参加自行车比赛时摔断了腿。我不会这么做。我保证我永远不会参加自行车比赛。我可以告诉你。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it. Get rid of the fraud. Get rid of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been paying it for years. And now many of these candidates want to cut it. You save it by making the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all of the money that's being lost.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
拯救医疗保险、医疗补助和社会保障，不要削减。必须这么做。杜绝欺诈，杜绝浪费和滥用，但要拯救它们。多年来，人们一直在为此付出代价。现在，许多候选人却想削减它们。拯救它们的方法就是让美国重新富裕起来，收回所有损失的资金。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Donald Trump: Oh, well, if you look at the statistics, of people coming— I didn't say about Mexic— I say the illegal immigrants— if you look at the statistics on rape, on crime, on everything, coming in illegally into this country, they're mind-boggling. If you go to Fusion, you will see a story about 80% of the women coming in– I mean, you have to take a look at these stories. And you know who owns Fusion? Univision. It was in The Huffington Post. I said, let me get some of these articles because I've heard some horrible things. I deal a lot of talking with people on the border patrol. They're incredible people. They help our country.
Don Lemon: But I want some clarification–
Trump: No, but Don, all you have to do is go to Fusion and pick up the stories on rape, and it's unbelievable when you look at what's going on. So all I'm doing is telling the truth.
Lemon: I've read The Washington Post, I read the Fusion, I read The Huffington Post. And that's about women being raped, it's not about criminals coming across the border entering the country.
Trump: Somebody's doing the raping, Don, I mean, you know– I mean, somebody's doing it. You think it's women being raped, well who's doing the raping? Who's doing the raping? I mean how can you say such a thing. So, the problem is you have to stop illegal immigration coming across the border. You have to create a strong border. If you don't, we don't have a country.
—The Situation Room, CNN, 1 July 2015
唐纳德·特朗普：哦，好吧，如果你看看统计数据，那些非法入境者——我不是说墨西哥人——我说的是非法移民——如果你看看强奸、犯罪等等所有非法入境的统计数据，你会觉得难以置信。如果你去Fusion电视台，你会看到一篇报道，说80%的女性非法入境——我的意思是，你必须看看这些报道。你知道Fusion电视台是谁吗？是环球电视网（Univision）。报道刊登在《赫芬顿邮报》上。我说，让我去找一些这样的报道，因为我听到了一些可怕的事情。我经常和边境巡逻队的人交谈。他们都是了不起的人，他们帮助我们的国家。
唐·莱蒙：但我想澄清一下——
特朗普：不，但是唐，你只要去Fusion电视台看看那些关于强奸的报道，你就会发现，这些报道简直令人难以置信。所以我只是在说实话。
莱蒙：我读过《华盛顿邮报》、《Fusion》和《赫芬顿邮报》。那些报道都是关于女性被强奸的，而不是关于罪犯越境进入美国。
特朗普：有人在强奸，唐，我的意思是，你知道——我的意思是，有人在强奸。你认为是女性被强奸，那么是谁在强奸？谁在强奸？我的意思是，你怎么能这么说？所以，问题是你必须阻止非法移民越境。你必须建立一条坚固的边境。如果你不这样做，我们就没有国家了。
——CNN《战情室》，2015年7月1日

The Obama Administration's agreement with Iran is very dangerous. Iran developing a nuclear weapon, either through uranium or nuclear fuel, and defying the world is still a very real possibility. The inspections will not be followed, and Iran will no longer have any sanctions. Iran gets everything and loses nothing. Every promise the Obama Administration made in the beginning of negotiations, including the vow (made at the beginning of the negotiations) to get our great American prisoners returned to the U. S. has been broken. This is a bad deal that sets a dangerous precedent. This deal sets off a nuclear arms race in the Middle East, which is the most-unstable region in the world. It is a horrible and perhaps catastrophic event for Israel. Furthermore, we should have kept the billions of dollars we have agreed to pay them. Any great dealmaker would know this is a perfect example of "tapping along" and because they have been unchecked for so long throughout this extremely lengthy process, I guarantee they are much closer to producing a nuclear weapon than they were at the start of negotiations. The fact is, the US has incompetent leaders and even more incompetent negotiators. We must do better for America and the world. We have to Make America Great Again.
—Statement by Donald J. Trump on the Iran Agreement, American Presidency Project, 14 July 2015
奥巴马政府与伊朗达成的协议非常危险。伊朗研制核武器（无论是通过铀还是核燃料）并藐视世界，仍然是非常现实的可能性。核查将不会得到遵守，伊朗也将不再受到任何制裁。伊朗将获得一切，却一无所失。奥巴马政府在谈判之初做出的所有承诺，包括将我们伟大的美国战俘遣返回美国的誓言（在谈判之初做出），都已被违背。这是一项糟糕的协议，开创了一个危险的先例。这项协议在中东——世界上最不稳定的地区——引发了核军备竞赛。这对以色列来说是一件可怕的、甚至可能是灾难性的事件。此外，我们本应保留我们同意支付给他们的数十亿美元。任何一位伟大的交易撮合者都知道，这是一个“偷偷摸摸”的完美例子，而且由于他们在整个极其漫长的谈判过程中长期未受到制约，我敢保证，他们现在比谈判之初更接近制造核武器。事实是，美国的领导人无能，谈判代表更是无能。我们必须为美国和世界做得更好。我们必须让美国再次伟大。
——唐纳德·J·特朗普关于伊朗协议的声明，美国总统项目，2015年7月14日

But you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy, and it's not as important as these lives are (nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what's going to happen and he was right—who would have thought?), but when you look at what's going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it's four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it's all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don't, they haven't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it's gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.
—"Speech in Sun City, South Carolina", Slate, 21 July 2015
但是你看看核协议，真正让我困扰的是——这本来很容易，而且不如这些生命重要（核能很强大；我叔叔很多很多年前就跟我解释过这种威力，那是35年前的事了；他会解释即将发生的事情的威力，他是对的——谁会想到呢？），但是当你看看那四名囚犯的遭遇时——以前是三名，现在是四名——但以前是三名，甚至现在，我会说一切都取决于信使；伙计们，确实如此，因为，你知道，他们没有，他们没有想到现在的女人比男人更聪明，所以，你知道，他们还需要大约150年——但是波斯人是伟大的谈判者，伊朗人是伟大的谈判者，所以，他们，他们就杀了我们，就杀了我们。 
—《在南卡罗来纳州太阳城的演讲》，《Slate》，2015 年 7 月 21 日

If you can't get rich dealing with politicians, there's something wrong with you.
—Campaign Rally in South Carolina, YouTube
如果你不能通过和政客打交道致富，那你就有问题了。
——南卡罗来纳州竞选集会，YouTube

I think that I would be a great uniter. I think that I would have great diplomatic skills. I think that I would be able to get along with people very well. I've had a great success in my life. I think the world would unite if I were the leader of the United States.
—Jesse Byrnes (30 July 2015), "Trump: 'World would unite if I were the leader'", The Hill
我认为我会成为一个伟大的团结者。我认为我会拥有出色的外交技巧。我认为我能很好地与人相处。我的一生非常成功。我认为如果我是美国领导人，世界将会团结起来。
——杰西·伯恩斯（2015年7月30日），“特朗普：‘如果我是领导人，世界将会团结起来’”，《国会山报》

You know, when you put out policy, like a 14-point plan? A lot of times in the first hour of negotiation, that 14-point plan goes astray, but you may end up with a better deal. That's the way it works. That's the way really life works. When I do a deal, I don't say, "Oh, here's 14 points." I got out and do it. I don't sit down and talk about 14 points.
—Appearance at Iowa State Fair - "Donald Trump's surprisingly savvy analysis of American politics", The Washington Post, 15 August 2015 
你知道吗，当你推出政策，比如一个14点计划的时候？很多时候，在谈判的第一个小时，那个14点计划就会出问题，但最终你可能会达成更好的协议。事情就是这样。生活就是这样。我做交易的时候，不会说“哦，这是14点”。我会直接去做。我不会坐下来讨论14点。
——爱荷华州博览会——“唐纳德·特朗普对美国政治出人意料的精明分析”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年8月15日

The fact is all lives matter. That includes black, and it includes white, and it includes everybody else. And we have... Democrats that are afraid to even say that.
—As quoted in Colin Campbell (9 September 2015), "Donald Trump trashes Black Lives Matter: 'I think they're trouble'", Business Insider
事实上，所有人的生命都很重要。包括黑人、白人，以及所有人。而我们……民主党人甚至不敢这么说。
——引自科林·坎贝尔（2015年9月9日），“唐纳德·特朗普抨击‘黑人的命也是命’运动：‘我认为他们很麻烦’”，《商业内幕》

Why aren't we letting ISIS go and fight Assad and then we pick up the remnants?
—Interview in 60 Minutes, 2015-09-27   Cited by Mitt Romney in Business Insider, 2016-03-03
为什么我们不放走ISIS，让他们去和阿萨德交战，然后再收拾残局？
——2015年9月27日《60分钟》节目采访；2016年3月3日米特·罗姆尼在《商业内幕》中引用

Trump: I'm Donald Trump, and I'm running for president. Our country is in deep trouble because let's face it: politics are all talk and no action. My opponents have no experience in creating jobs or making deals. The fact is, I'm going to make the greatest trade deals we've ever made in our country. And I'm going to bring jobs and money back to the United States. I'll take care of our veterans and make our military so strong that nobody will ever mess with us. I'll secure our borders, and yes, we will have a wall. You can't have a country without borders. Obamacare is a great plan . It will be repealed and replaced with something much better. If the people of Iowa vote for me, you'll never be disappointed. I don't disappoint people, I produce. Together, we're going to Make America Great Again. I'm Donald Trump, candidate for president, and I hate this message.
—Female V/O: Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President, Inc.   Radio ad aired in Iowa (5 November 2015)
特朗普：我是唐纳德·特朗普，我正在竞选总统。我们的国家正深陷困境，因为让我们面对现实吧：政治光说不练。我的对手在创造就业机会和达成协议方面毫无经验。事实上，我将达成我国历史上最伟大的贸易协议。我将把就业和资金带回美国。我将照顾好我们的退伍军人，让我们的军队强大到无人敢惹我们。我将保卫我们的边境，是的，我们将建一堵墙。一个国家不可能没有边界。奥巴马医改是一个伟大的计划。它将被废除，取而代之的是更好的方案。如果爱荷华州的人民投票给我，你们永远不会失望。我不会让人失望，我会创造成果。携手共进，我们将让美国再次伟大。我是唐纳德·特朗普，总统候选人，我讨厌这种说法。 
— 女性画外音：由唐纳德·J·特朗普为总统公司出资制作，于爱荷华州播出的广播广告（2015 年 11 月 5 日）

You're going to have a deportation force, and you're going to do it humanely and you're going to bring the country -- and, frankly, the people, because you have some excellent, wonderful people, some fantastic people hat have been here for a long period of time. Don't forget, Mika, that you have millions of people that are waiting in line to come into this country and they're waiting to come in legally. And I always say the wall, we're going to build the wall. It's going to be a real deal. It's going to be a real wall. There was a picture in one of the magazines where they had a wall this tall and they were taking drugs over the wall. They built a ramp over the wall and the truck was going up and down. They were using it like a highway; the wall is like a highway. It's not going to happen. It's going to be a Trump wall. It's going to be a real wall. And it's going to stop people and it's going to be good. But your friend Thomas Friedman called me and said, hah, there should be a big door. I said going to be a big door. I love the expression. There's going to be a big beautiful nice door. People are going to come in and they're going to come in legally. But we have no choice. Otherwise, we don't have a country. We don't even know how many people. We don't know if it's 8 million or if it's 20 million. We have no idea how many people are in our country. And then you see what happened with Kate in San Francisco. You see what happens with all of the things going on, all of the tremendous crime going on. It costs us $200 billion a year for illegal immigration right now. $200 billion a year, maybe $250, maybe $300. They don't even know. We're going to stop it. We're going to run it properly and we're going to stop it.
—On his immigration plan (2015 November 11)
你们将组建一支驱逐出境部队，你们将以人道的方式执行，你们将带领这个国家——坦白说，还有你们的人民，因为你们有一些非常优秀、非常了不起的人，一些在这里生活了很长时间的了不起的人。米卡，别忘了，你们有数百万人在排队等待进入这个国家，他们在等待合法入境。我总是说要建墙，我们要建墙。这将是一项真正的工程。这将是一堵真正的墙。曾经有杂志上刊登过一张照片，照片上他们建了一堵这么高的墙，人们正在翻墙偷毒品。他们在墙上建了一个坡道，卡车可以上下行驶。他们把它当作高速公路；这堵墙就像高速公路一样。这不会发生。这将是一堵特朗普式的墙。这将是一堵真正的墙。它将阻止人们，这将是好事。但你的朋友托马斯·弗里德曼打电话给我说，哈哈，应该有一扇大门。我说要有一扇大门。我喜欢这个说法。要有一扇又大又漂亮又漂亮的大门。人们会进来，而且要合法进来。但我们别无选择。否则，我们就没有国家了。我们甚至不知道有多少人。我们不知道是800万还是2000万。我们根本不知道我们国家到底有多少人。然后你看看凯特在旧金山的遭遇。你看看所有正在发生的事情，所有正在发生的骇人听闻的犯罪。现在非法移民每年给我们造成2000亿美元的损失。每年2000亿美元，也许是2.5亿美元，也许是3亿美元。他们甚至都不知道。我们要阻止它。我们要妥善管理，我们要阻止它。
——关于他的移民计划（2015年11月11日）

They're using them as shields. It's a horrible thing. They're using them as shields. But we're fighting a very politically correct war. And the other thing is with the terrorists. You have to take out their families. When you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives. Don't kid yourself. But they say they don't care about their lives. You have to take out their families.
—When asked how he would deal with civilian casualties. In an interview with Fox & Friends.  (December 2, 2015)
他们把平民当作盾牌。这太可怕了。他们把平民当作盾牌。但我们正在打一场政治上非常正确的战争。另一件事就是对付恐怖分子。你必须杀掉他们的家人。抓到这些恐怖分子，就必须杀掉他们的家人。他们关心自己的生命。别自欺欺人了。但他们却说他们不在乎自己的生命。你必须杀掉他们的家人。
——当被问及将如何处理平民伤亡时。在接受《福克斯与朋友们》采访时。（2015年12月2日）

We're doing really well with the evangelicals, and, by the way: And again, I do like Ted Cruz -- but not a lot of evangelicals come out of Cuba, in all fairness. It's true. Not a lot come out. But I like him nevertheless. But I think we're going to do great, and we are doing great with evangelicals.
I'm with you. I'm with everybody. I'm with everybody, look, I'm self-funding. I have no oil company. I have no special interest. I have no lobbyists.
Well look he's from Texas -- to the best of my knowledge, there's a lot of oil in Texas, right? So, he gets a lot of money from the oil companies, and he's against ethanol and everything you're else talking about. And I'm not I'm totally in favor. And you know it's a big industry here, it's a big industry. You know if that industry is upset Iowa's got problems.
I really do, I like Ted Cruz a lot, I would say that we would certainly have things in mind for Ted, to be honest with you. I mean, he's somebody that I could certainly say that [about] because I like him.
—11 December 2015 during a rally in Iowa, according to Washington Post article by Jenna Johnson, CBS News article by Kylie Atwood, and Reuters article by Emily Stephenson
我们和福音派的关系确实很好，顺便说一句：我再说一次，我确实喜欢泰德·克鲁兹——但平心而论，古巴的福音派人士并不多。这是真的，确实不多。但我还是喜欢他。但我认为我们会做得很好，我们和福音派人士的关系也很好。
我同意你的看法。我同意所有人的看法。我同意所有人的看法，你看，我是自筹资金的。我没有石油公司。我没有特殊利益集团。我没有说客。
你看，他来自德克萨斯州——据我所知，德克萨斯州有很多石油，对吧？所以，他从石油公司那里赚了很多钱，而且他反对乙醇以及你提到的所有其他东西。我完全支持。你知道，乙醇在这里是一个很大的产业，一个很大的产业。你知道，如果这个产业感到不安，爱荷华州就会有麻烦。
我真的很喜欢泰德·克鲁兹，说实话，我们肯定会为他考虑一些人选。我的意思是，我当然可以这么说，因为我喜欢他。
——2015年12月11日，爱荷华州一场集会期间，据詹娜·约翰逊在《华盛顿邮报》上发表的文章、凯莉·阿特伍德在哥伦比亚广播公司新闻频道发表的文章以及艾米丽·斯蒂芬森在路透社发表的文章报道。

They've created ISIS. Hillary Clinton created ISIS with Obama; created with Obama. But I love predicting because you know, ultimately, you need somebody with vision.
—At a rally, as quoted in "TRUMP: 'Hillary Clinton created ISIS with Obama'" by Colin Campbell, Business Insider (3 January 2016)
他们创造了ISIS。希拉里·克林顿和奥巴马一起创造了ISIS；和奥巴马一起创造了ISIS。但我喜欢预测，因为你知道，最终你需要一个有远见的人。
——在一次集会上，引自《商业内幕》科林·坎贝尔的《特朗普：‘希拉里·克林顿和奥巴马一起创造了ISIS’》（2016年1月3日）

She [Clinton] has a terrible record as secretary of state. I mean, she's literally created ISIS. If you look at her, between her and Obama, they're the ones — we have this big ISIS problem they created with their bad policies and their bad thinking.
—On Fox & Friends, as quoted in "TRUMP: 'Hillary Clinton created ISIS with Obama'" by Colin Campbell, Business Insider (3 January 2016)
她（克林顿）担任国务卿的记录很糟糕。我的意思是，她简直就是ISIS的缔造者。如果你仔细分析她和奥巴马，就会发现他们才是真正的ISIS——他们用糟糕的政策和糟糕的思维，制造了ISIS这个大麻烦。
——《福克斯与朋友们》，引自《商业内幕》科林·坎贝尔在《特朗普：‘希拉里·克林顿和奥巴马一起创造了ISIS’》（2016年1月3日）中的文章。

The truth is, he's a nasty guy. He was so nice to me. I mean, I knew it. I was watching. I kept saying, 'Come on Ted. Let's go, okay.' But he's a nasty guy. Nobody likes him. Nobody in Congress likes him. Nobody likes him anywhere once they get to know him. He's a very –- he's got an edge that's not good. You can't make deals with people like that and it's not a good thing. It's not a good thing for the country. Very nasty guy.
—About Ted Cruz in an interview on This Week  (January 17, 2016)
说实话，他是个讨厌的家伙。他对我那么好。我是说，我早就知道了。我一直在观察。我一直说：“来吧，泰德，我们走吧，好吗？” 但他就是个讨厌的家伙。没人喜欢他。国会里没人喜欢他。任何地方的人，只要认识他，都不会喜欢他。他非常——他有一种不好的特质。你没法和这样的人做交易，这可不是什么好事。对国家来说也不是什么好事。他是个非常讨厌的家伙。
——关于泰德·克鲁兹在《本周》（2016年1月17日）节目中的采访

Tony Perkins wrote that out for me -- he actually wrote out 2, he wrote out the number 2 Corinthians, I took exactly what Tony said, and I said, 'Well Tony has to know better than anybody.
It's a very small deal, but a lot of people in different sections of the world say two, and I've had many, many people say that to me. My mother, as you know, was from Scotland, and they say two.
—In an interview with CNN's Don Lemon, about saying "two Corinthians" instead of "Second Corinthians" during a speech at Liberty University.  (January 22, 2016)
托尼·珀金斯替我写了这段话——他实际上写了2，他写了哥林多后书，我完全理解托尼的意思，然后说：“托尼肯定比任何人都清楚。”
这虽然是小事，但世界各地都有很多人说是2，我也听过很多人这么说。你知道，我母亲来自苏格兰，他们也说是2。
— 在接受美国有线电视新闻网 (CNN) 的唐·莱蒙 (Don Lemon) 采访时，谈到在自由大学 (Liberty University) 的一次演讲中说“哥林多后书”而不是“哥林多后书”。（2016年1月22日）

Ted Cruz lies. He's a liar. And that's why nobody likes him, that's why his Senate people won't endorse him. That's why he stands on the middle of the Senate floor and can't make a deal with anybody. He looks like a jerk. He's standing all by himself. And you know, there's something to say about having a little bit of ability to get other people to do things. You can't be a lone wolf and stand there. That's sort of what we have right now as a president.
—Morning Joe (26 January 2016)
泰德·克鲁兹撒谎。他是个骗子。这就是为什么没人喜欢他，为什么他的参议院成员不愿支持他。这就是为什么他站在参议院中间，无法与任何人达成协议。他看起来像个混蛋。他孤军奋战。你知道，拥有一些能力来让别人做事是值得的。你不能孤军奋战。这正是我们现在作为总统所面临的处境。
——《早安乔》（2016年1月26日）

This is a movement. It is a movement going on. We want to take our country back. Our country is disappearing. You look at the kind of deals we make. You look at what's happening, our country is going in the wrong direction, and so wrong, and it's got to be stopped and it's got to be stopped fast.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
这是一场运动。一场正在进行的运动。我们要夺回我们的国家。我们的国家正在消失。看看我们做的那些交易。看看正在发生的事情，我们的国家正朝着错误的方向前进，错得离谱，必须被阻止，必须迅速被阻止。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

We're a debtor nation. We owe $19 trillion. We're not going to give you any money, and you want to be nice. You don't want to put it in their face. Just say, look, we're a poor nation. We've been mismanaged, we've been misrun. We don't know what the hell we're doing, right?
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我们是一个债务国。我们欠了19万亿美元。我们不会给你们任何钱，你们也想表现得友善些，不想当面批评他们。就说，看，我们是一个穷国。我们管理不善，运作失当。我们根本不知道自己在干什么，对吧？
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学讲话，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

This has been going if it's not going to happen anymore, folks. We're going to bring businesses back. We're going to have businesses that used to be in New Hampshire, that are now in Mexico, come back to New Hampshire and you can tell them to go f--- themselves...because they let you down, and they left. We want the businesses that stay. I know a lot of businesses up here and I knew a lot of businesses up here. These are great people, they could've left and they wanna stay. They willing to stay, they're fighting to stay. It's hard. With a highest tax nation in the entire world. It's hard for them to stay and they stay. Those are the people we have to cherish and love. These are the people that are great.
—At a rally in New Hampshire. (4 February 2016)
伙计们，这种情况一直在发生，如果不再发生的话。我们要让企业回归。我们要让那些曾经在新罕布什尔州、现在在墨西哥的企业回归新罕布什尔州，你可以让他们滚蛋……因为他们让你们失望了，所以他们离开了。我们希望企业留下来。我认识这里很多企业，也认识这里很多企业。他们都是很棒的人，他们本可以离开，但他们想留下来。他们愿意留下来，他们正在为留下来而奋斗。这很难。美国是世界上税率最高的国家。对他们来说，留下来很难，但他们还是留下来了。这些人是我们必须珍惜和爱戴的人。这些人是伟大的人。
——在新罕布什尔州的一次集会上。（2016年2月4日）

Anderson Cooper: Is Islam at war with the West?
Donald Trump: I think Islam hates us. There is something there, there is a tremendous hatred there, and we have to get to the bottom of it. There is an unbelievable hatred of us.
Cooper: In Islam itself?
Trump: You're going to have to figure that out, but there is a tremendous hatred and we have to be very vigilant, we have to be very careful and we can't allow people coming into this country who have this hatred of the United States and of people that are not Muslim.
Cooper: The question is is there a war between the West and radical Islam or is it between the West and Islam itself?
Trump: Well it's radical but it's very hard to define, it's very hard to separate because you don't know who's who.
—9 March CNN interview, as quoted in "US Election 2016: Donald Trump tells CNN TV interviewer 'Islam hates us'" by Harriet Sinclair, International Business Times (10 March 2016)
安德森·库珀：伊斯兰教与西方交战了吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：我认为伊斯兰教憎恨我们。这其中肯定有某种东西，存在着巨大的仇恨，我们必须彻底查明真相。他们对我们的仇恨令人难以置信。
库珀：伊斯兰教本身呢？
特朗普：你必须弄清楚这一点，但确实存在着巨大的仇恨，我们必须非常警惕，必须非常小心，我们不能允许那些仇恨美国和非穆斯林的人进入这个国家。
库珀：问题是，这场战争是西方与激进伊斯兰教之间，还是西方与伊斯兰教本身之间？
特朗普：嗯，它的确是激进的，但很难定义，很难区分，因为你不知道谁是谁。
—3 月 9 日 CNN 采访，引自哈里特·辛克莱在《国际财经时报》（2016 年 3 月 10 日）撰写的“2016 年美国大选：唐纳德·特朗普告诉 CNN 电视采访者‘伊斯兰教憎恨我们’”

Iran has already, since the deal is in place, test-fired ballistic missiles three times. Those ballistic missiles, with a range of 1,250 miles, were designed to intimidate not only Israel, which is only 600 miles away, but also intended to frighten Europe and someday maybe hit even the United States. And we're not going to let that happen. We're not letting it happen. And we're not letting it happen to Israel, believe me.
Thank you. Thank you.
Do you want to hear something really shocking? As many of the great people in this room know, painted on those missiles in both Hebrew and Farsi were the words "Israel must be wiped off the face of the earth." You can forget that.
What kind of demented minds write that in Hebrew?
—21 March 2016 address to AIPAC (America-Israel Public Affairs Committee)
自协议达成以来，伊朗已经三次试射弹道导弹。这些射程达1250英里（约2000公里）的弹道导弹，其设计目的不仅在于恐吓距离仅600英里（约964公里）的以色列，也是为了恐吓欧洲，甚至有朝一日甚至可能袭击美国。我们绝不会让这种事情发生。我们绝不会让这种事情发生。相信我，我们绝不会让这种事情发生在以色列身上。
谢谢。谢谢。
你们想听一些真正令人震惊的事情吗？正如在座的许多杰出人士所知，这些导弹上用希伯来语和波斯语写着“以色列必须从地球上抹去”。你们还是别提这事儿了。
是什么样的疯子会用希伯来语写出这些话？
——2016年3月21日，在美以公共事务委员会（AIPAC）的讲话

Talking about success, most people think success is measured in the form of monetary success. It's not really. I mean to be a successful person is to have a great family, is who loves the family, loves the children and the children love him or her. To me that's a much more successful person than a person that has made a billion dollars or ten billion dollars, and is miserable and doesn't have a good family and nobody likes that person. I think I've seen every type of person there is that God created.
—Donald Trump talks about Success and Happiness - Motivational speech held in Wisconsin on March 30, 2016, Mike Mohamed on YouTube. (2:37 to 3:05)
说到成功，大多数人认为成功是用金钱来衡量的。其实不然。我的意思是，成功的人意味着拥有一个幸福的家庭，爱家人、爱孩子，孩子也爱他或她。对我来说，这样的人比那些赚了十亿或一百亿却生活贫困、没有幸福家庭、没人喜欢的人成功得多。我想我已经见过上帝创造的各种人了。
——唐纳德·特朗普谈成功与幸福——2016年3月30日在威斯康星州举行的励志演讲，迈克·穆罕默德在YouTube上发布。（2:37至3:05）

It's going to be like this. I'm not changing.
—Answer to the question whether the American public could expect a similar dynamic if he would win the presidential elections, quoted in Alan Fisher (1 June 2016), "Donald Trump: Questions on money for war veterans", Al Jazeera
情况会是这样的。我不会改变。
——关于如果他赢得总统大选，美国公众是否会期待类似的局面，引自艾伦·费舍尔（2016年6月1日）的报道，《唐纳德·特朗普：关于退伍军人资金的问题》，半岛电视台

To those who voted for someone else in either party, I will work hard to earn your support and I will work very hard to earn that support. To all of those Bernie Sanders voters who have been left out in the cold by a rigged system of super delegates, we welcome you with open arms. And by the way, the terrible trade deals that Bernie was so vehemently against and he's right on that will be taken care of far better than anyone ever thought possible and that's what I do. We are going to have fantastic trade deals. We're going to start making money and bringing in jobs.
—Victory speech after winning New Jersey and other states Tuesday night (7 June 2016) – Time transcript
对于那些投票给其他党派的选民，我将努力争取你们的支持，我会非常努力地争取。对于所有被操纵的超级代表制度冷落的伯尼·桑德斯选民，我们张开双臂欢迎你们。顺便说一句，伯尼强烈反对的那些糟糕的贸易协议——他的观点是正确的——将会得到比任何人想象的都要好得多的处理，而这正是我所做的。我们将达成非常棒的贸易协议。我们将开始赚钱，创造就业机会。
——周二晚（2016年6月7日）赢得新泽西州和其他州后的胜选演讲——《时代》杂志文字稿

My goal is always again to bring people together. But if I'm forced to fight for something I really care about, I will never, ever back down and our country will never, ever back down. Thank you. I've fought for my family. I've fought for my business. I've fought for my employees. And now, I'm going to fight for you, the American people like nobody has ever fought before.
—Victory speech after winning New Jersey and other states Tuesday night (7 June 2016) – Time transcript
我的目标始终是再次团结人民。但如果我被迫为我真正关心的事情而战，我永远不会退缩，我们的国家也永远不会退缩。谢谢大家。我为我的家人而战。我为我的事业而战。我为我的员工而战。现在，我要为你们，为美国人民，以前所未有的方式战斗。
——周二晚（2016年6月7日）赢得新泽西州和其他州后的胜利演讲——《时代》杂志文字稿

Norah O'Donnell: Hillary Clinton called you the king of debt.
Donald Trump: Well, no she didn't call me, I called myself the king of debt. I'm the king of debt. I'm great with debt, nobody knows debt better than me. I made a fortune by using debt. And if things don't work out I renegotiate the debt, I mean that's a smart thing not a stupid thing. And I made a fortune.
O'Donnell: How do you renegotiate the debt?
Trump: Because you go back and you say, hey, guess what, the economy just crashed, I'm going to give you back half. I like debt for me, I don't like debt for the country. I like debt for my company, but I don't like debt for the country. For the country we have $19 trillion in debt, it's going to be very soon $21 trillion, not billion, $21 trillion in debt. And I will tell you we are sitting on a time bomb and Hillary Clinton doesn't have a clue. And President Obama has pretty much doubled the debt since he's been in office and somebody's going to pay a big price. We have to start chopping that debt down.
O'Donnell: Janet Yellen, who you know, the chairman of the Federal Reserve blasted you for saying that the U.S. could load up on debt and then make a deal with creditors if the economy has soured. She said there would be very severe consequences if an elected president tried to renegotiate the nation's debt.
Trump: I wouldn't renegotiate the debt.
—In an interview with CBS This Morning' Norah O'Donnell, 2016-06-22, quoted in "CBS' Norah O'Donnell Challenges Trump On His Economic Plan", Media Matters for America, 22 June 2016
诺拉·奥唐纳：希拉里·克林顿叫你“债务之王”。
唐纳德·特朗普：不，她没叫我，我自称“债务之王”。我就是债务之王。我精通债务，没人比我更懂债务。我靠债务发了财。如果事情不顺利，我会重新谈判债务，我的意思是，这很聪明，不是蠢事。而且我赚了一大笔钱。
奥唐纳：你怎么重新谈判债务？
特朗普：因为你回去后会说，嘿，你猜怎么着，经济刚刚崩溃，我要还你一半。我喜欢为自己负债，不喜欢为国家负债。我喜欢为公司负债，但我不喜欢为国家负债。我们国家有19万亿美元的债务，很快就会达到21万亿美元，不是十亿，而是21万亿美元。我得说，我们正坐在一颗定时炸弹上，而希拉里·克林顿对此一无所知。奥巴马总统上任以来，债务几乎翻了一番，有人会为此付出巨大代价。我们必须开始削减债务。
奥唐纳：珍妮特·耶伦，你知道的，美联储主席，抨击你说美国可以举债，然后在经济恶化时与债权人达成协议。她说，如果民选总统试图重新谈判国家债务，将会产生非常严重的后果。
特朗普：我不会重新谈判债务。
——诺拉·奥唐纳于2016年6月22日接受哥伦比亚广播公司《今晨》节目采访，转载自《美国媒体事务》2016年6月22日刊登的“哥伦比亚广播公司诺拉·奥唐纳挑战特朗普的经济计划”

The decision to overthrow the regime in Libya, then pushing for the overthrow of the regime in Syria, among other things, without plans for the day after, have created space for ISIS to expand and grow like nobody has ever seen before. These actions, along with our disastrous Iran deal, have also reduced our ability to work in partnership with our Muslim allies in the region. That is why our new goal must be to defeat Islamic terrorism not nation building. No more nation building. It's never going to work.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
推翻利比亚政权的决定，以及随后推动推翻叙利亚政权等一系列行动，都缺乏后续计划，为ISIS提供了前所未有的扩张和发展空间。这些行动，加上我们灾难性的伊朗协议，也削弱了我们与该地区穆斯林盟友合作的能力。正因如此，我们的新目标必须是击败伊斯兰恐怖主义，而不是国家建设。不再进行国家建设。这永远不会奏效。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

Look, having nuclear—my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart—you know, if you're a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the world—it's true!—but when you're a conservative Republican they try—oh, do they do a number—that's why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune—you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we're a little disadvantaged—but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy, and it's not as important as these lives are—nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what's going to happen and he was right, who would have thought?—but when you look at what's going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it's four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it's all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don't, they haven't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it's gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.
—Speech in South Carolina (19 July 2016)
你看，拥有核能——我的叔叔是一位伟大的教授、科学家和工程师，麻省理工学院的约翰·特朗普博士；良好的基因，非常好的基因，好吧，非常聪明，沃顿商学院，非常好，非常聪明——你知道，如果你是一个保守的共和党人，如果我是一个自由主义者，如果，比如，好吧，如果我以自由民主党人的身份参选，他们会说我是世界上最聪明的人之一——这是真的！——但是当你是一个保守的共和党人时，他们会尝试——哦，他们会做一个数字——这就是为什么我总是这样开头：上过沃顿商学院，是个好学生，去过那里，去过那里，做过这件事，积累了财富——你知道我必须一直提供我的资历，因为我们有点处于劣势——但你看看核协议，真正让我困扰的事情——这本来很容易，而且它并不像这些生命那么重要——核能是强大的；我叔叔很多年前就向我解释过核能的力量，那是 35 年前的事了；他会解释即将发生的事情的威力，他是对的，谁会想到呢？——但当你看看那四名囚犯的遭遇——以前是三名，现在是四名——但以前是三名，甚至现在，我会说一切都取决于信使；伙计们，因为，你知道，他们没有，他们没有意识到现在的女人比男人更聪明，所以，你知道，他们还需要大约150年——但波斯人是伟大的谈判者，伊朗人是伟大的谈判者，所以，他们，他们杀了我们，他们杀了我们。
——南卡罗来纳州演讲（2016年7月19日）

Though Bernie is exhausted and has given up on his revolution, many of his voters still want to keep up the fight. I expect that millions of Bernie voters will refuse to vote for Hillary because of her support for the War in Iraq, the invasion of Libya, NAFTA and TPP, and of course because she is totally bought and sold by special interests. She and her husband have been paid millions and millions by global corporations and powerful interests who will control her every decision. She is their puppet, and they pull the strings. We welcome with open arms all voters who want an honest government and to fix our rigged system so it works for the people. This includes fixing one of Bernie's biggest issues, our terrible trade deals that strip our country of its jobs and wealth.
—How Donald Trump Beat Reddit, The Atlantic (July 28, 2016)
尽管伯尼已精疲力竭，放弃了他的革命，但他的许多选民仍然希望继续战斗。我预计数百万伯尼的选民将拒绝投票给希拉里，因为她支持伊拉克战争、入侵利比亚、北美自由贸易协定和跨太平洋伙伴关系协定，当然也因为她完全被特殊利益集团收买。她和她的丈夫从跨国公司和强大的利益集团手中收受了数百万美元的贿赂，这些利益集团将控制她的每一个决定。她是他们的傀儡，在幕后操纵。我们张开双臂欢迎所有希望拥有诚实政府、修复我们被操纵的体制、使其服务于人民的选民。这包括解决伯尼最大的问题之一——那些剥夺我们国家就业机会和财富的糟糕贸易协定。
——《唐纳德·特朗普如何击败Reddit》，《大西洋月刊》（2016年7月28日）

If you look at what's going on in terms of unity, the Bernie people are angry. They're angry. He was angry. What was amazing to me is when she was talking about Bernie last night, the camera was on him and he was angry. It almost looks like he has buyer's remorse, like he shouldn't have made the deal.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
如果你从团结的角度来审视当下的局势，你会发现伯尼的支持者们很愤怒。他们很愤怒。他也很愤怒。令我惊讶的是，昨晚她谈论伯尼时，镜头对准了他，而他却怒不可遏。他看起来几乎像是后悔了，觉得自己不应该做这笔交易。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

If our country got along with Russia, that would be a great thing. When Putin goes out and tells everybody -- and you talk about a relationship, but he says Donald Trump is going to win and Donald Trump is a genius, and then I have people saying you should disavow. I said, I'm going to disavow that? ... If we can have a good relationship with Russia and if Russia would help us get rid of ISIS, frankly, as far as I'm concerned, you're talking about tremendous amounts of money and lives and everything else, that would be a positive thing, not a negative thing.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
如果我们国家与俄罗斯和睦相处，那将是一件很棒的事情。如果普京公开宣称——你们谈论的是关系，但他说唐纳德·特朗普会赢，而且唐纳德·特朗普是个天才，然后有人说你们应该否认。我说，我要否认吗？……如果我们能与俄罗斯保持良好关系，如果俄罗斯愿意帮助我们消灭ISIS，坦率地说，在我看来，你说的是巨额的金钱、生命和其他一切，那将是一件好事，而不是坏事。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

I think I've made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I've done, I've had tremendous success. I think I've done a lot. ... I think they're sacrifices. I think when I can employ thousands and thousands of people, take care of their education, take care of so many things, even in military. I mean, I was very responsible, along with a group of people, for getting the Vietnam Memorial built in downtown Manhattan, which to this day people thank me for.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
我想我做了很多牺牲。我工作非常非常努力。我创造了成千上万个工作岗位，数以万计，建造了宏伟的建筑。我取得了巨大的成功。我想我做了很多……我觉得这些都是牺牲。我想，当我能雇佣成千上万的人，负责他们的教育，处理很多事情，甚至包括军队事务时，我就觉得这些牺牲是值得的。我的意思是，我和一群人一起，在曼哈顿市中心建造了越战纪念碑，为此负有很大的责任，至今人们还为此感谢我。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

$400 million in all cash, anybody know what that looks like? That's a lot of cash. That's a lot of case. And honestly, it's so sad. Think of it, going to Iran, a terrorist state. Now I happen to think they have plenty of money, we've given then $150 billion, so the $400 million is just, you know – I happen to think it goes into their accounts in Switzerland personally. Now, a lot of people say, "no, no, it's used for terror," and they use it for terror because it's the number one terror funder – not even close. But I also think that when you have $400 million in cash, different denominations, do you see the size of this? I guess they did release the pictures after all. They released pictures. ... Obama said that he did it because we don't have a working account with Iran. Do you believe that? How long does it take to set up an account? Right? You don't have a working account, you set up an account, right?
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
4亿美元现金，有人知道这笔钱是多少吗？这可是一大笔钱，案子也不少。说实话，这真是太可悲了。想想看，要去伊朗，一个恐怖主义国家。我碰巧觉得他们钱多着呢，我们已经给了他们1500亿美元，所以这4亿美元，你知道——我碰巧觉得这笔钱是存入了他们在瑞士的私人账户的。现在很多人说：“不，不，这笔钱是用来做恐怖主义的了。”他们把这笔钱用来做恐怖主义，因为伊朗是头号恐怖主义资助者——甚至都排不上号。但我也认为，当你拥有4亿美元现金，各种面额的现金时，你能想象这笔钱的规模吗？我猜他们毕竟公布了照片。他们公布了照片……奥巴马说他这么做是因为我们与伊朗没有一个可用的账户。你相信吗？开立一个账户需要多长时间？对吧？你没有一个能用的账户，你注册了一个账户，对吧？
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

We get Bergdahl who was a traitor, and they get five of the greatest killers that they've wanted for eight years. We get Bergdahl — I call it the five for one trade. For the Iran deal, where we get nothing, we get nothing. They get ultimately, they have the path, beautiful path, they'll get way, way earlier than that. They'll get nuclear weapons, so if you get Trump you're going to see a lot of changes to that deal. That'll happen fast.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我们抓到了叛徒伯格达尔，他们抓到了他们八年来一直通缉的五个最厉害的杀手。我们抓到了伯格达尔——我称之为“五换一”交易。至于伊朗协议，我们什么都没得到，我们什么都没得到。他们最终得到了，他们有一条路，一条美丽的路，他们会比这更快、更早得到。他们会得到核武器，所以如果特朗普上台，你就会看到这项协议发生很多变化。这会很快发生。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

America first. We get a little tired of these deals where they actually put, and you know why, because of lobbyists and special interests and people representing and people wanting it to happen. It's just not that they want other countries to benefit over us. There are reasons for it and you know, when I raise money, and I'm putting up a lot of money for my own campaign, I'm funding me. And I'm raising for the Republican party. And we're getting a lot of money from the small donors.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
美国优先。我们对他们实际上达成的这些交易感到有些厌倦，原因在于游说团体、特殊利益集团、代表人士以及那些希望这种情况发生的人。他们并非希望其他国家从我们身上获益。这样做是有原因的，你知道，当我筹款时，我为自己的竞选活动投入了大量资金，这笔钱本身就是在资助我自己。我为共和党筹款。我们也从小额捐款者那里获得了大量资金。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Obama-Clinton economic policies have produced 1.2 percent economic growth, the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression. Now, this is, like, unbelievable — 1.2. Do you know China goes to 7 percent or 8 percent, it's like a national catastrophe. Now, what they do is they cut their currency. They devalue their currency, and big league, and then all of our businesses continue to be drained out of the United States. Our money, our jobs. They make our product, they sell our product to us. No tax, no nothing, you devalue — see devaluing is sort of cheating.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
奥巴马-克林顿的经济政策带来了1.2%的经济增长，这是自大萧条以来最弱的所谓复苏。现在，这简直令人难以置信——1.2%。你知道吗，中国的经济增长率竟然高达7%或8%，这简直就像一场国家灾难。现在，他们所做的就是削减货币，让他们的货币贬值，等等等等，然后我们所有的企业都源源不断地从美国流失。我们的钱，我们的工作。他们生产我们的产品，然后把我们的产品卖给我们。没有税收，什么都没有，他们就贬值——你看，贬值有点像作弊。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

We have great people. We have the most loyal people. We have the smartest people. You know, so many of my people, they're so smart. They like to say, well, Trump, I don't know if he's got this right — let me tell you, we have the smartest people. We have the people that are the smartest, and the strongest, and the best and the hardest working. We have the smartest people. We'll put I.Q.s among — some of us, we couldn't say all of us, right — against any I.Q.s that we — we have to deal with, that I can tell you. I would love to do that.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我们拥有优秀的人才。我们拥有最忠诚的人才。我们拥有最聪明的人才。你知道，我的很多员工都非常聪明。他们喜欢说，好吧，特朗普，我不知道他是否理解正确——让我告诉你，我们拥有最聪明的人才。我们拥有最聪明、最强大、最优秀、最勤奋的人才。我们拥有最聪明的人才。我们可以把我们中的一些人，而不是所有人，的智商与我们必须应对的任何智商进行比较，我可以告诉你，我很乐意这样做。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Hillary wants to surrender America to globalism. She wants a country without borders. She wants trade deals written for the benefit of foreign corporations. She wants a government that ignores the will of the people. She wants to sell out American security to the Clinton Foundation for a pile of cash. It is hard to tell where the Clinton Foundation ends and the State Department begins. ... Hillary Clinton has betrayed her duty to the people.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
希拉里想让美国屈服于全球化。她想要一个没有边界的国家。她想要贸易协定为外国公司的利益而制定。她想要一个无视民意的政府。她想为了一大笔钱把美国的安全出卖给克林顿基金会。很难说克林顿基金会和国务院的界限在哪里。……希拉里·克林顿背叛了她对人民的责任。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司和《印度报》（2016年8月24日）引用

For the first time in a long while, her true feelings came out, showing bigotry and hatred for millions of Americans. How can she be President of our country when she has such contempt and disdain for so many great Americans?
—Berke, Beremy (10 September 2016). "Clinton walks back 'deplorables' comment: I 'regret' using the term to describe 'half' of Trump's supporters". Business Insider.
许久以来，她第一次流露出真情实感，展现出对数百万美国人的偏执和仇恨。她如此蔑视和鄙视这么多伟大的美国人，怎么能成为我们国家的总统呢？
——伯克·贝雷米（2016年9月10日）。“克林顿收回‘可悲者’的评论：我‘后悔’用这个词来形容特朗普‘一半’的支持者”。《商业内幕》。

Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. ... We have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. ... We cannot let it happen. Under my plan, I'll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35 percent to 15 percent for companies, small and big businesses. That's going to be a job creator like we haven't seen since Ronald Reagan. It's going to be a beautiful thing to watch. Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
我们的工作机会正在流失。它们流向了墨西哥，流向了许多其他国家。看看中国在生产我们产品方面对我们国家做了什么。他们正在贬值货币，而我们政府中却无人与他们抗争。而我们却在进行一场非常有效的斗争，而且我们取得了胜利。因为他们正在利用我们的国家作为重建中国的储蓄罐，许多其他国家也在做同样的事情……我们必须阻止我们的工作机会被偷走。我们必须阻止我们的公司离开美国，并随之解雇所有员工……我们不能让这种情况发生。根据我的计划，我将大幅降低公司的税率，从35%降至15%，无论大小。这将带来自罗纳德·里根时代以来我们从未见过的就业增长。这将是一件值得期待的美好事情。公司将会涌入，他们将建设，他们将扩张，新的公司将会诞生。我非常非常期待这一切。我们必须重新谈判我们的贸易协定，我们必须阻止这些国家窃取我们的公司和工作岗位。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

TRUMP: That's called business, by the way.
CLINTON: Donald was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said, back in 2006, "Gee, I hope it does collapse, because then I can go in and buy some and make some money." Well, it did collapse.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
特朗普：顺便说一句，这就是生意。
克林顿：唐纳德是那些支持房地产危机的人之一。早在2006年，他就说过：“哎呀，我希望房地产崩盘，因为那样我就可以进去买点房子赚钱了。” 嗯，房地产确实崩盘了。
——第一次总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one. Now, look, I'm a great believer in all forms of energy, but we're putting a lot of people out of work. Our energy policies are a disaster. Our country is losing so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. You can't do what you're looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. The Obama administration, from the time they've come in, is over 230 years' worth of debt, and he's topped it. He's doubled it in a course of almost eight years, seven-and-a-half years, to be semi- exact.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
我们投资了一家太阳能公司，我们的国家。那是一场灾难。他们在那件事上损失惨重。你看，我非常相信所有形式的能源，但我们正在让很多人失业。我们的能源政策是一场灾难。我们国家在能源方面损失惨重，在偿还债务方面也损失惨重。背负着20万亿美元的债务，根本无法实现你的目标。奥巴马政府自上任以来，就背负着超过230年的债务，而他现在的债务已经超过了这个数字。在近八年的时间里，确切地说是七年半的时间里，他的债务翻了一番。
——第一次总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

NAFTA is the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed in this country. And now you [Hillary Clinton] want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can't win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
北美自由贸易协定（NAFTA）或许是有史以来最糟糕的贸易协定，但肯定是有史以来最糟糕的贸易协定。现在你（希拉里·克林顿）却想批准跨太平洋伙伴关系协定（TPP）。你之前完全支持它。然后你听到我说它有多糟糕，就说我赢不了这场辩论。但你知道，如果你赢了，你也会批准它，那几乎和北美自由贸易协定一样糟糕。没有什么能比北美自由贸易协定更糟糕。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place. And by the way, my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. I'm very proud of it. It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs. But regulations, you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence. ... The things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I'm cutting regulation. You have regulations on top of regulations, and new companies cannot form and old companies are going out of business. And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse. I'm going to cut regulations. I'm going to cut taxes big league, and you're going to raise taxes big league, end of story.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
你们将批准历史上最大的减税法案之一。你们将批准历史上最大的增税法案之一。你们将赶走企业。你们的法规是一场灾难，你们还将在各地增加法规。顺便说一句，我的减税是自罗纳德·里根以来最大的减税法案。我对此感到非常自豪。它将创造大量新的就业机会。但是，你们将通过监管，让这些企业不复存在……商界人士最喜欢的事情就是我正在削减法规。你们的法规层层叠叠，新公司无法成立，老公司纷纷倒闭。而你们却想增加法规，让情况变得更糟。我要削减法规。我要大力减税，你们也要大力增税，故事结束。
——第一场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt - and when I say corrupt, I'm talking about totally corrupt - political establishment [Obamacare] with a new government controlled by you, the American people. There is nothing the political establishment will not do. No lie that they won't tell to hold their prestige and power at your expense and that's what's been happening. The Washington establishment and the financial and media corporations that funded exist for only one reason: to protect and enrich itself. The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election. As an example, just one single trade deal they'd like to pass involves trillions of dollars controlled by many countries, corporations, and lobbyists. For those who controlled the levels of power in Washington, and for the global special interests, they partner with these people that don't have your good in mind. Our campaign represents a true existential threat like they haven't seen before.
—At a campaign rally in Florida (13 October 2016)
我们的运动旨在用一个由你们——美国人民——控制的新政府取代一个失败且腐败的————我所说的腐败，指的是彻底腐败的——政治建制（奥巴马医改）。政治建制无所不能。他们为了维护自己的威望和权力，不惜以牺牲你们的利益为代价，无所不用其极，而这正是目前正在发生的事情。华盛顿建制派以及为其提供资金的金融和媒体公司存在的唯一目的就是：自保和敛财。建制派在这次选举中牵涉到数万亿美元的利益。例如，他们想要通过的一项贸易协议就涉及数万亿美元的资金，而这些资金被许多国家、公司和游说团体控制。那些掌控华盛顿权力的人，以及全球特殊利益集团，他们与这些不为你们好意的人合作。我们的竞选活动代表着他们前所未见的真正生存威胁。
——佛罗里达州的一场竞选集会（2016年10月13日）

No, no, lot of things are going on folks, lot of things. I think she's actually getting pumped up, if you want to know the truth, she's getting pumped up, you understand? In fact we're going to be talking about that in a few minutes. She's getting pumped up for Wednesday night. Let's see. You know, I don't know, maybe, we're like athletes, right? Hey, look, I beat seventeen senators, governors, I beat all these people, we're like athletes. Hillary beat Bernie, although it looks like Bernie got a little bit of a bad deal based on Wikileaks, right? If you look at Wikileaks. But we're like athletes, right? So athletes, they're making them more and more, but athletes, they make them take a drug test, right? I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate, I do. I think we should, why don't we do that? We should take a drug test, prior, because I don't know what's going on with her. But at the beginning of her last debate, she was all pumped up at the beginning, and at the end it was like, "Uh, take me down." She could barely reach her car. So I think we should take a drug test, I'm, er, anyway I'm willing to do it.
—At a rally in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, about his rival Hillary Clinton's performance during the presidential debates (15 October 2016)
不不不，各位，很多事情正在发生，很多事情。我觉得她现在很亢奋，如果你想知道真相，她确实很亢奋，明白吗？事实上，我们几分钟后就会谈到这个。她正在为周三晚上的选举做准备。让我想想。你知道，我不知道，也许，我们就像运动员，对吧？嘿，你看，我打败了17位参议员、州长，我打败了所有这些人，我们就像运动员。希拉里打败了伯尼，虽然根据维基解密，伯尼似乎受到了一些不利的待遇，对吧？如果你看看维基解密的话。但我们就像运动员，对吧？所以，他们越来越多地要求运动员接受药检，但是他们要求运动员接受药检，对吧？我认为我们应该在辩论前进行药检，我同意。我认为我们应该，为什么不这样做呢？我们应该事先做个药检，因为我不知道她到底怎么了。但她上次辩论一开始就很亢奋，最后却像是在说：“呃，把我放下来。” 她几乎够不到自己的车了。所以我觉得我们应该做个药检，我，呃，反正我愿意做。
——在新罕布什尔州朴茨茅斯举行的集会上，他谈论了对手希拉里·克林顿在总统辩论中的表现（2016年10月15日）

Cooper: Did you use that $916 million loss to avoid paying personal federal income taxes for years?
Trump: Of course I do. Of course I do. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. ... I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it. And so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
库珀：你多年来是否利用了那9.16亿美元的亏损来逃避缴纳个人联邦所得税？
特朗普：我当然会。我当然会。她所有的捐赠者，或者说大多数捐赠者也都这么做……我缴纳了巨额税款。我绝对用了这笔钱。沃伦·巴菲特、乔治·索罗斯以及其他许多希拉里从中获取资金的人也都这么做。
——《纽约时报》第二次总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

...NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
……由她丈夫签署的《北美自由贸易协定》或许是世界历史上最大的灾难性贸易协定。
——《纽约时报》第二场总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you, the American people. The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election. For those who control the levers of power in Washington and for the global special interests, they partner with these people that don't have your good in mind. The political establishment that is trying to stop us is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals, massive illegal immigration and economic and foreign policies that have bled our country dry. The political establishment has brought about the destruction of our factories and our jobs as they flee to Mexico, China and other countries all around the world. It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities. The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. The only force strong enough to save our country is us. The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you, the American people. I'm doing this for the people and the movement and we will take back this country for you and we will make America great again. I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message.
—Closing argument for America (4 November 2016)    Lines recycled from Trump's campaign rally in West Palm Beach, FL (10/13/2016)
我们的运动旨在用由你们——美国人民——控制的新政府取代失败腐败的政治建制。这场选举事关建制数万亿美元的利益。那些掌控华盛顿权力杠杆的人以及全球特殊利益集团，与那些不为你们好意的人为伍。试图阻止我们的政治建制，正是那些对我们灾难性的贸易协定、大规模非法移民以及榨干我们国家的经济和外交政策负有责任的群体。政治建制摧毁了我们的工厂和工作岗位，它们流向了墨西哥、中国和世界其他国家。正是这个全球权力结构，制定了那些掠夺我们工人阶级、掠夺我们国家财富并将这些财富塞进少数大公司和政治实体口袋的经济决策。唯一能阻止这台腐败机器的，是你们。唯一强大到足以拯救我们国家的力量，是我们自己。唯一有勇气投票推翻这个腐败建制的人，是你们——美国人民。我这样做是为了人民，为了这场运动，我们将为你们夺回这个国家，我们将让美国再次伟大。我是唐纳德·特朗普，我赞同这句话。
——美国闭幕词（2016年11月4日） 摘自特朗普在佛罗里达州西棕榈滩的竞选集会（2016年10月13日）

Today, I would like to provide the American people with an update on the White House transition and our policy plans for the first 100 days. Our transition team is working very smoothly, efficiently, and effectively. Truly great and talented men and women, patriots indeed are being brought in and many will soon be a part of our government, helping us to Make America Great Again. My agenda will be based on a simple core principle: putting America First. Whether it's producing steel, building cars, or curing disease, I want the next generation of production and innovation to happen right here, in our great homeland: America – creating wealth and jobs for American workers. As part of this plan, I've asked my transition team to develop a list of executive actions we can take on day one to restore our laws and bring back our jobs. It's about time. These include the following: On trade, I am going to issue our notification of intent to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a potential disaster for our country. Instead, we will negotiate fair, bilateral trade deals that bring jobs and industry back onto American shores. On energy, I will cancel job-killing restrictions on the production of American energy – including shale energy and clean coal – creating many millions of high-paying jobs. That's what we want, that's what we've been waiting for. On regulation, I will formulate a rule which says that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated, it's so important. On national security, I will ask the Department of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to develop a comprehensive plan to protect America's vital infrastructure from cyber-attacks, and all other form of attacks. On immigration, I will direct the Department of Labor to investigate all abuses of visa programs that undercut the American worker. On ethics reform, as part of our plan to Drain the Swamp, we will impose a five-year ban on executive officials becoming lobbyists after they leave the Administration – and a lifetime ban on executive officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government. These are just a few of the steps we will take to reform Washington and rebuild our middle class. I will provide more updates in the coming days, as we work together to Make America Great Again for everyone.
—A Message from President-Elect Donald J. Trump (21 November 2016)
今天，我想向美国人民通报白宫过渡的最新情况以及我们上任后第一个百日的政策计划。我们的过渡团队工作非常顺利、高效且卓有成效。真正伟大且才华横溢的男男女女，以及爱国者们正在加入政府，其中许多人很快将成为我们政府的一员，帮助我们让美国再次伟大。我的议程将基于一个简单的核心原则：美国优先。无论是生产钢铁、制造汽车还是治愈疾病，我都希望下一代生产和创新能够在这里，在我们伟大的祖国——美国——发生——为美国工人创造财富和就业机会。作为这项计划的一部分，我已要求我的过渡团队制定一份行政措施清单，以便在第一天就可以采取这些措施，以恢复我们的法律并恢复我们的就业机会。现在是时候了。这些措施包括：在贸易方面，我将发布退出《跨太平洋伙伴关系协定》（TPP）的意向通知，这对我们国家来说可能是一场灾难。相反，我们将谈判公平的双边贸易协定，将就业和产业带回美国。在能源方面，我将取消对美国能源生产（包括页岩能源和清洁煤炭）的扼杀就业的限制，从而创造数百万个高薪工作岗位。这正是我们想要的，也是我们一直期盼的。在监管方面，我将制定一项规则，规定每出台一项新法规，就必须废除两项旧法规，这非常重要。在国家安全方面，我将要求国防部和参谋长联席会议主席制定一项全面计划，以保护美国重要基础设施免受网络攻击以及所有其他形式的攻击。在移民方面，我将指示劳工部调查所有滥用签证计划、损害美国工人利益的行为。在道德改革方面，作为我们“抽干沼泽”计划的一部分，我们将对离任后的行政官员实施五年内不得从事游说活动的规定，并终身禁止其代表外国政府进行游说活动。这些只是我们将采取的改革华盛顿和重建中产阶级的措施中的一小部分。我将在未来几天提供更多最新消息，我们将携手努力，让美国再次伟大，造福所有人。
——当选总统唐纳德·J·特朗普的致辞（2016年11月21日）

People are giving up tremendous careers in order to be subject to you folks and subject to a lot of other folks. But they're giving up a lot. I mean some are giving up tremendous businesses in order to sit for four or maybe eight or whatever the period of time is. But I think we're going to see some tremendous talent, tremendous talent coming in. We have many people for every job. I mean no matter what the job is, we have many incredible people. I think, Reince, you can sort of just confirm that. The quality of the people is very good. ... We're trying very hard to get the best people. Not necessarily people that will be the most politically correct people, because that hasn't been working. So we have really experts in the field. Some are known and some are not known, but they're known within their field as being the best. That's very important to me.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
人们放弃了宝贵的事业，只为了服从你们，也为了服从许多其他人。他们放弃了太多。我的意思是，有些人放弃了巨大的事业，只为了坐上四、八年，或者其他任何时间。但我认为我们会看到一些杰出的人才涌入。我们每个职位都有很多人才。我的意思是，无论什么职位，我们都有许多杰出的人才。我想，Reince，你可以证实这一点。人才的素质非常好……我们正在努力招募最优秀的人才。不一定是那些政治上最正确的人，因为那一直行不通。所以我们拥有真正领域内的专家。有些是知名的，有些则不为人知，但他们在各自的领域都被认为是最优秀的。这对我来说非常重要。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

We're not a competitive nation with other nations anymore. We have to make ourselves competitive. We're not competitive for a lot of reasons. That's becoming more and more of the reason. Because a lot of these countries that we do business with, they make deals with our president, or whoever, and then they don't adhere to the deals, you know that. And it's much less expensive for their companies to produce products. So I'm going to be studying that very hard, and I think I have a very big voice in it. And I think my voice is listened to, especially by people that don't believe in it. And we'll let you know.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我们不再是一个能与其他国家竞争的国家。我们必须提升自己的竞争力。我们缺乏竞争力有很多原因，而且这个原因正在变得越来越重要。因为很多和我们有生意来往的国家，他们和我们的总统或其他什么人达成了协议，然后他们就不遵守协议了，你知道的。这样他们的公司生产产品的成本就低得多。所以我会努力研究这个问题，我认为我在这方面有很大的发言权。我认为我的声音会被听到，尤其是那些不相信我声音的人。我们会告诉你的。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

In theory I could run my business perfectly, and then run the country perfectly. And there's never been a case like this where somebody's had, like, if you look at other people of wealth, they didn't have this kind of asset and this kind of wealth, frankly. It's just a different thing.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
理论上，我可以完美地经营我的生意，然后完美地治理这个国家。而且从来没有人像我这样，如果你看看其他富豪，你会发现他们没有这样的资产和财富，坦白说。这完全是两码事。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

I would love to be able to be the one that made peace with Israel and the Palestinians. I would love that, that would be such a great achievement. Because nobody's been able to do it. ... I've had a lot of, actually, great Israeli businesspeople tell me, you can't do that, it's impossible. I disagree, I think you can make peace. I think people are tired now of being shot, killed. At some point, when do they come? I think we can do that. I have reason to believe I can do that.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我非常希望能够成为促成以色列和巴勒斯坦和平的人。我非常希望如此，那将是一项伟大的成就。因为没有人能够做到这一点……实际上，很多伟大的以色列商人都告诉我，你做不到，这是不可能的。我不同意，我认为你可以实现和平。我认为人们现在已经厌倦了被枪杀。在某个时刻，他们什么时候会来？我认为我们可以做到。我有理由相信我能做到。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

The old expression, ‘to the victor belong the spoils’—you remember. I always used to say, keep the oil. I wasn’t a fan of Iraq. I didn’t want to go into Iraq. But I will tell you, when we were in, we got out wrong. And I always said, in addition to that, keep the oil. Now, I said it for economic reasons. But if you think about it, Mike, if we kept the oil you probably wouldn’t have ISIS because that’s where they made their money in the first place. So we should have kept the oil. But okay. Maybe you’ll have another chance. But the fact is, should have kept the oil.
—Speech to the CIA, 23 January 2017
有句老话叫“胜者为王，败者为寇”，你还记得吗？我以前总说，保住石油。我本来就不喜欢伊拉克，也不想去伊拉克。但我要告诉你，我们进去之后，撤退时就犯了错误。而且我一直说，除此之外，还要保住石油。我这么说是出于经济原因。但迈克，你想想，如果我们保住了石油，可能就不会有ISIS了，因为他们的钱本来就在那里赚。所以我们应该保住石油。好吧，也许以后还会有机会。但事实是，我们应该保住石油。
——2017年1月23日，对中情局的讲话

You came by the tens of millions to become part of a historic movement the likes of which the world has never seen before. At the center of this movement is a crucial conviction: that a nation exists to serve its citizens. Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, and good jobs for themselves. These are just and reasonable demands of righteous people and a righteous public. But for too many of our citizens, a different reality exists: Mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities; rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our Nation; an education system, flush with cash, but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of all knowledge; and the crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential. This American carnage stops right here and stops right now. We are one Nation, and their pain is our pain, their dreams are our dreams, and their success will be our success. We share one heart, one home, and one glorious destiny. The oath of office I take today is an oath of allegiance to all Americans.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
你们千百万人齐聚一堂，参与这场史无前例的历史性运动。这场运动的核心是一个至关重要的信念：国家是为了服务其公民而存在的。美国人渴望为子女提供优质的学校，为家人提供安全的社区，为自己提供良好的工作。这些都是正义的民众和正义的公众的正当合理诉求。然而，对于我们太多的公民来说，现实却截然不同：母亲和儿童深陷贫困，生活在内城区；锈迹斑斑的工厂像墓碑一样遍布全国；教育体系资金充裕，却剥夺了我们年轻貌美的学生的一切知识；犯罪、帮派和毒品夺走了太多生命，也剥夺了我们国家如此多未实现的潜力。这场美国式的屠杀就此结束，就在此刻。我们是一个国家，他们的痛苦就是我们的痛苦，他们的梦想就是我们的梦想，他们的成功也将是我们的成功。我们同心同德，同舟共济，拥有同一个辉煌的命运。我今天的就职宣誓，是向全体美国人民效忠的宣誓。
——就职演说，（2017年1月20日）

For us here in Washington, we must never ever stop asking God for the wisdom to serve the public according to His will. But we had tremendous success on The Apprentice and, when I ran for President, I had to leave the show, that's when I knew for sure I was doing it, and they hired a big, big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, to take my place, and we know how that turned out. The ratings went right down the tubes, it's been a total disaster, and Mark [Burnett] will never, ever bet against Trump again, and I want to just pray for Arnold, if we can, for those rating, OK?
—Trump's "National Prayer Breakfast" speech (2 February 2017)
对于我们华盛顿人来说，我们永远都不能停止祈求上帝赐予我们智慧，让我们能够按照祂的旨意服务公众。但我们在《学徒》节目中取得了巨大的成功，当我竞选总统时，我不得不离开这个节目，那时我才确定自己要竞选总统，他们聘请了一位超级巨星阿诺德·施瓦辛格来接替我，结果我们都知道。收视率直线下降，简直是一场灾难，马克·伯内特再也不会和特朗普对赌了。如果可以的话，我只想为阿诺德祈祷，为收视率祈祷，好吗？
——特朗普“全国祈祷早餐会”演讲（2017年2月2日）

Who is the state senator? Do you want to give me his name? We'll destroy his career.
—Trump responding to Sheriff Harold Eavenson's statement about a Texas state senator proposing legislation to require convictions before sheriffs could receive forfeiture money. (7 February 2017)
州参议员是谁？你敢告诉我他的名字吗？我们会毁了他的前程。
——特朗普回应哈罗德·伊文森警长关于德克萨斯州参议员提议立法，要求警长在收到没收款项前必须先定罪的声明。（2017年2月7日）

Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others – have a merit-based immigration system. It is a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially,
Yet, in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon.
..
With the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a Council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams
..
America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America
..
It is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur,
We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America -- we cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists.
—28 February 2017, per Globe and Mail
世界各国，例如加拿大、澳大利亚等许多国家，都实行择优移民制度。一项基本原则是，那些寻求进入一个国家的人应该能够自给自足。
然而，在美国，我们并没有执行这项规定，这让我们最贫困的公民所依赖的公共资源变得捉襟见肘。
……
在总理贾斯汀·特鲁多的帮助下，我们与加拿大邻国成立了一个委员会，旨在帮助确保女性企业家能够获得创业和实现财务梦想所需的网络、市场和资本。
……
美国尊重所有国家自主选择发展道路的权利。我的职责不是代表世界，而是代表美利坚合众国。
……
允许来自无法进行适当审查的地方的人员不受控制地入境，这并非出于同情，而是鲁莽。
我们不能允许恐怖主义的滩头阵地在美国境内形成——我们不能允许我们的国家成为极端分子的避难所。
—2017 年 2 月 28 日，《环球邮报》

I love all people, rich or poor, but in those particular positions I just don't want a poor person.
We're thinking about building the wall as a solar wall, so it creates energy, and pays for itself. And this way Mexico will have to pay much less money, and that's good, right, is that good? You're the first group I've told that to, a solar wall, makes sense, let's see, we're working it out, we'll see, solar wall, panels, beautiful. I mean actually think of it, the higher it goes the more valuable it is, it's like... pretty good imagination [points to his own head], right, good? My idea.
—President Trump Holds a Rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa (21 June 2017)
我爱所有人，无论贫富，但我就是不想让穷人处于那些特定的位置。
我们考虑把墙建成太阳能墙，这样它就能产生能量，自己收回成本。这样墨西哥就不用付那么多钱了，这很好，对吧，是吧？你们是第一个我跟你们提这个建议的人，太阳能墙，很有道理，我们拭目以待，我们正在研究，到时候再看吧，太阳能墙，电池板，真漂亮。我的意思是，想想看，越高越值钱，这就像……相当不错的想象力[指着自己的头]，对吧，好吗？我的主意。
——特朗普总统在爱荷华州锡达拉皮兹举行集会（2017年6月21日）

I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star … to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius … and a very stable genius at that!
—From Twitter, quoted in Trump: I’m a ‘very stable genius’ CNN (6 January 2018)
我从一位非常成功的商人，变成了顶级电视明星……再到美国总统（第一次尝试）。我觉得这算不上聪明，但算得上天才……而且是个非常稳定的天才！
——摘自推特，转载自CNN，特朗普：我是个“非常稳定的天才”（2018年1月6日）

America will not be held hostage to nuclear blackmail. We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction. And we will not allow a regime that chants "Death to America" to gain access to the most deadly weapons on Earth.
—statement on the Iran nuclear deal on May 8, 2018 vox.com
美国不会沦为核讹诈的俘虏。我们不会允许美国城市遭受毁灭的威胁。我们也不会允许一个高喊“美国去死”的政权获得地球上最致命的武器。
——2018年5月8日，vox.com 关于伊朗核协议的声明

So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
—Post (6:30 AM · Jun 13, 2018) by President Trump originally on Twitter now available on X
看假新闻真搞笑，尤其是NBC和CNN。他们拼命淡化与朝鲜的协议。500天前，他们肯定会“乞求”这项协议——看起来战争就要爆发了。我们国家最大的敌人就是那些傻瓜们轻易传播的假新闻！
——特朗普总统发布于推特（2018年6月13日上午6:30），现已在X平台发布

You know they have a word, it sort of became old-fashioned, it's called a nationalist,
And I say 'really, we're not supposed to use that word?' Do you know what I am? I'm a nationalist.
—22 October 2018, quoted in John Walsh (23 October 2018), "Trump declares himself a 'nationalist' while stumping for Ted Cruz", Business Insider
你知道他们有个词，有点过时了，叫做民族主义者。
我说：“真的吗，我们不应该用这个词？” 你知道我是谁吗？我是个民族主义者。
——2018年10月22日，引自约翰·沃尔什（2018年10月23日），“特朗普在为泰德·克鲁兹拉票时宣称自己是‘民族主义者’”，《商业内幕》

I understand politicians better than anybody.
I know more about drones than anybody. I know about every form of safety that you can have. (January 2019)
I think nobody knows more about campaign finance than I do, because I'm the biggest contributor. (1999)
I know more about people who get [TV] ratings than anyone. (October 2012)
I know more about ISIS than the generals do. (November 2015)
I understand social media. I understand the power of Twitter. I understand the power of Facebook maybe better than almost anybody, based on my results, right? (November 2015)
I know more about courts than any human being on Earth. (November 2015)
[W]ho knows more about lawsuits than I do? I'm the king. (January 2016)
[N]obody knows the [visa] system better than me. I know the H1B. I know the H2B. ... Nobody else on this dais knows how to change it like I do, believe me. (March 2016)
Nobody knows more about trade than me. (March 2016)
[N]obody knows the [U.S. government] system better than I do. (April 2016)
I know more about renewables than any human being on Earth. (April 2016)
I think nobody knows more about taxes than I do, maybe in the history of the world. (May 2016)
I’m the king of debt. I’m great with debt. Nobody knows debt better than me. (June 2016)
I understand money better than anybody. (June 2016)
[L]ook, as a builder, nobody in the history of this country has ever known so much about infrastructure as Donald Trump. (July 2016)
I know more about [senator] Cory [Booker] than he knows about himself. (July 2016)
I think I know more about the other side [Democrats] than almost anybody. (November 2016)
[N]obody knows more about construction than I do. (May 2018)
I think I know about [the economy] better than [the Federal Reserve]. (October 2018)
Technology — nobody knows more about technology than me. (December 2018)
I know more about drones than anybody. I know about every form of safety that you can have." (January 2019)
Having a drone fly overhead — and I think nobody knows much more about technology, this type of technology certainly, than I do. (January 2019)
—"Everything Trump says he knows "more about than anybody"", Axios (January 5, 2019)
我比任何人都更了解政客。
我比任何人都更了解无人机。我了解所有你能想到的安全措施。（2019年1月）
我想没有人比我更了解竞选资金，因为我是最大的捐款人。（1999年）
我比任何人都更了解那些获得[电视]收视率的人。（2012年10月）
我比将军们更了解ISIS。（2015年11月）
我了解社交媒体。我了解Twitter的力量。根据我的调查结果，我可能比几乎任何人都更了解Facebook的力量，对吧？（2015年11月）
我比地球上任何人都更了解法院。（2015年11月）
谁比我更了解诉讼？我就是王者。（2016年1月）
没有人比我更了解[签证]体系。我了解H1B。我了解H2B。 ……相信我，在这个讲台上，没有人比我更懂得如何改变它。（2016年3月）
没有人比我更懂贸易。（2016年3月）
没有人比我更了解（美国政府）体制。（2016年4月）
我比地球上任何人都更了解可再生能源。（2016年4月）
我想，也许在世界历史上，没有人比我更懂税收。（2016年5月）
我是债务之王。我精通债务。没有人比我更懂债务。（2016年6月）
我比任何人都更懂钱。（2016年6月）
你看，作为一名建设者，在这个国家的历史上，没有人比唐纳德·特朗普更了解基础设施。（2016年7月）
我对科里·布克（参议员）的了解比他对自己的了解还要多。 (2016年7月)
我认为我比几乎任何人都更了解另一方[民主党]。(2016年11月)
[没有人]比我更了解建筑业。(2018年5月)
我认为我比[美联储]更了解[经济]。(2018年10月)
科技——没有人比我更了解科技。(2018年12月)
我比任何人都更了解无人机。我知道所有你能想到的安全措施。(2019年1月)
无人机飞过头顶——我认为没有人比我更了解科技，尤其是这类科技。(2019年1月)
——“特朗普声称他‘比任何人都了解’的一切”，Axios（2019年1月5日）

They're starting to, as we gain the remainder, the final remainder of the caliphate of the area, they'll be going to our base in Iraq, and ultimately some will be coming home. But we're going to be there and we're going to be staying--
We have to protect Israel. We have to protect other things that we have. But we're- yeah, they'll be coming back in a matter of time. Look, we're protecting the world. We're spending more money than anybody's ever spent in history, by a lot. We spent, over the last five years, close to 50 billion dollars a year in Afghanistan. That's more than most countries spend for everything including education, medical, and everything else, other than a few countries.
—1 February 2019 broadcast 3 February 2019
随着我们占领该地区剩余的、最后剩下的哈里发国，他们会开始前往我们在伊拉克的基地，最终有些人会回国。但我们会留在那里，我们会留下来——我们必须保护以色列。我们必须保护我们拥有的其他东西。但是，是的，他们很快就会回来。你看，我们正在保护世界。我们花的钱比历史上任何人都多，多得多。在过去五年里，我们每年在阿富汗的支出接近500亿美元。除了少数国家外，这比大多数国家在教育、医疗和其他所有方面的支出都要多。
——2019年2月1日 2019年2月3日播出

there will be some people in the room that don't like this. We're down to 3.7 percent unemployment — the lowest number in a long time. But think of this: I got all these companies moving in. They need workers. We have to bring people into our country to work these great plants that are opening up all over the place. This was not necessarily what I was saying during the campaign because I never knew we would be as successful as we've been. Companies are roaring back into our country, and now we want people to come in. We need workers to come in, but they've got to come in legally, and they've got to come in through merit, merit, merit.
—3 March 2019
在座的各位肯定会有人对此表示不满。我们的失业率已经降到了3.7%，这是长期以来的最低水平。但想想看：我让所有这些公司都搬进来了。他们需要工人。我们必须把人们引进我们国家，去这些遍布各地的优秀工厂工作。这并非我在竞选期间所说的，因为我从未想过我们会取得如此大的成功。现在，各家公司正蜂拥而至地回到我们国家，现在我们希望人们进来。我们需要工人进来，但他们必须合法入境，而且必须凭借自身的才能、才能、还是才能。
——2019年3月3日

I think a lot of progress was made yesterday, but we have to make a lot of progress. Mexico has been making, for many, many years, hundreds of billions of dollars. And then, they've been making an absolute fortune on the United States. They have to step up, and they have to step up to the plate, and perhaps they will. We're going to see. They can solve the problem. The Democrats—Congress has been a disaster. They won't change. They won't do anything. They want free immigration—immigration to pour into our country. They don't care who it is. They don't care what kind of a record they have. It doesn't make any difference. They're not going to be changing anything. We go to them, we say, "Let's fix the immigration laws." They just want it to do badly. The worse it does, the happier they are. So that's the way it is, and I guess that's the way it will be until after the election. It's just a disgrace. Because, frankly, we could solve this problem so easy if the Democrats in Congress were willing to make some changes, but they're not. And that's the way it is. They want to just ride it out. They want to have a real bad time. They don't care about crime. They don't care about drugs pouring into our country. They couldn't care less. It's all politics. It's a vicious business. So that's the way it is. But we're having a great talk with Mexico. We'll see what happens. But something pretty dramatic could happen. We've told Mexico the tariffs go on. And I mean it too. And I'm very happy with it. And lot of people, Senators included, they have no idea what they're talking about when it comes to tariffs. They have no—absolutely no idea. When you have the money, when you have the product, when you have the thing that everybody wants, you're in a position to do very well with tariffs, and that's where we are. We're the piggybank. The United States is the piggybank. It has all the money that others want to take from us, but they're not taking it so easy anymore. It's a lot different. Our talks with China—a lot of interesting things are happening. We'll see what happens.
—6 June 2019
我认为昨天已经取得了很大进展，但我们必须取得更大的进展。墨西哥多年来赚了数千亿美元。然后，他们又在美国赚取了巨额财富。他们必须站出来，必须承担责任，也许他们会的。我们拭目以待。他们可以解决这个问题。民主党——国会一直是个灾难。他们不会改变。他们什么也不会做。他们想要自由移民——让移民涌入我们的国家。他们不在乎移民是谁。他们不在乎移民的记录如何。这根本无关紧要。他们不会改变任何事情。我们去找他们，说：“让我们修改移民法。”他们只想让移民法变得糟糕。情况越糟，他们就越高兴。所以情况就是这样，我想在选举结束之前都会如此。这简直是耻辱。坦白说，如果国会民主党人愿意做出一些改变，我们就能轻而易举地解决这个问题，但他们却不愿意。情况就是这样。他们只想侥幸逃脱。他们想过得更糟。他们不在乎犯罪。他们不在乎毒品涌入我们国家。他们一点也不在乎。这都是政治。这是一门恶性交易。所以情况就是这样。但我们正在与墨西哥进行良好的谈判。我们会看看会发生什么。但可能会发生一些相当戏剧性的事情。我们已经告诉墨西哥，关税将继续生效。我是认真的。我对此非常满意。很多人，包括参议员，在谈到关税时，根本不知道他们在说什么。他们完全不知道。当你有钱，有产品，有每个人都想要的东西时，你就有能力很好地利用关税，而我们现在就是这样。我们是存钱罐。美国也是。它拥有别人想从我们这里拿走的所有钱，但他们现在不会再轻易得手了。情况大不相同。我们与中国的谈判——很多有趣的事情正在发生。我们拭目以待。
——2019年6月6日

"I said, you know, you don't like me and I don't like you. I never have liked you and you never liked me but you're going to support me because you're a rich guy. And if you don't support me, you're going to be so goddamn poor you're not going to believe it."
—Trump was referring to an unnamed businessperson, as quoted by Chris Cillizza (17 July 2019), "Analysis: The 51 most outrageous lines from Donald Trump's NC rally", WLOS.com
“我说，你知道吗，你不喜欢我，我也不喜欢你。我从来都不喜欢你，你也从来都不喜欢我，但你会支持我，因为你是个有钱人。如果你不支持我，你会穷到难以置信。”
——特朗普指的是一位不愿透露姓名的商人，引自克里斯·西利扎（2019年7月17日），“分析：唐纳德·特朗普北卡罗来纳州集会上最离谱的51句话”，WLOS.com

I want to thank the nations of Russia, Turkey, Syria and Iraq, and I also want to thank the Syrian Kurds for certain support they were able to give us. Thank you as well to the great intelligence professionals who helped make this very successful journey possible.
—Offiical release at Whitehouse.gov (27 October 2019) · Transcript of delivered remarks at The New York Times (27 October 2019) · "President Trump's full announcement on the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi", The Washington Post YouTube channel (27 October 2019)
我要感谢俄罗斯、土耳其、叙利亚和伊拉克，也感谢叙利亚库尔德人给予我们的支持。同时，我也要感谢那些杰出的情报专家，是他们让这次非常成功的旅程得以实现。
——Whitehouse.gov 官方发布（2019 年 10 月 27 日）· 在《纽约时报》发表讲话的文字记录（2019 年 10 月 27 日）· “特朗普总统就阿布·贝克尔·巴格达迪之死的完整声明”，《华盛顿邮报》YouTube 频道（2019 年 10 月 27 日）

Joe Kernen: It was a couple of years ago. Before we get started-- with- we're going talk about the economy and a lot of other things--the CDC-- has identified a case of coronavirus-- in Washington state. The Wuhan strain of this. If you remember SARS, that affected GDP. Travel-related effects. Do you-- have you been briefed by the CDC? And--
Donald Trump: I have, and--
Joe Kernen: --are there worries about a pandemic at this point?
Donald Trump: No. Not at all. And-- we're-- we have it totally under control. It's one person coming in from China, and we have it under control. It's—going to be just fine.
Joe Kernen: Okay. And President Xi-- there's just some-- talk in China that maybe the transparency isn't everything that it's going to be. Do you trust that we're going to know everything we need to know from China?
Donald Trump: I do. I do. I have a great relationship with President Xi. We just signed probably the biggest deal ever made. It certainly has the potential to be the biggest deal ever made. And-- it was a very interesting period of time time [sic].
Joe Kernen: Yeah. Let’s get into that--
Donald Trump: But we got it done, and-- no, I do. I think-- the relationship is very, very good.
—Interview with CNBC's Joe Kernen at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, January 22, 2020. Transcript online at CNBC
乔·科南：那是几年前的事了。在我们开始之前，我们先来谈谈经济和其他很多事情——美国疾病控制与预防中心（CDC）在华盛顿州发现了一例冠状病毒病例，是武汉病毒株。如果你还记得非典（SARS），那场疫情影响了GDP，也影响了旅行相关的影响。你——CDC向你汇报过情况吗？还有——
唐纳德·特朗普：我汇报过，还有——
乔·科南：——目前大家担心疫情会爆发吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：不，一点也不。而且——我们——我们完全控制住了局面。只有一个人从中国入境，我们控制住了局面。一切都会好起来的。
乔·科南：好的。习近平主席——中国国内有人说，透明度可能不够全面。你相信我们能从中国了解到所有我们需要知道的信息吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：是的，是的。我和习近平主席关系很好。我们刚刚签署了可能是有史以来最大的协议。它肯定有潜力成为有史以来最大的协议。而且——那是一段非常有趣的时期。
乔·科南：是的。我们来谈谈这个——
唐纳德·特朗普：但我们确实完成了，而且——不，我的确如此。我认为——两国关系非常非常好。
——2020年1月22日，在瑞士达沃斯世界经济论坛上接受CNBC主持人乔·科南的采访。CNBC在线文字记录

We know all the people. We know all the good people. It's a question I asked the doctors before. Some of the people we cut, they haven't been used for many, many years, and if we ever need them, we can get them very quickly. And rather than spending the money — I'm a businessperson, I don't like having thousands of people around when you don't need 'em, when we need 'em, we can get them back very quickly.
Asked about his consistent budget cuts to the CDC, the NIH, and the WHO.
—White House press conference, 2020-02-26, quoted in Jonathan Chait (28 February 2020), "As the World Reaches for Face Masks, Trump Buries His Head in the Sand", New York
我们认识所有人。我们认识所有好人。这个问题我以前问过医生们。我们裁掉的一些人，他们已经很多很多年没用过了，如果我们需要他们，我们可以很快找到他们。与其花钱——我是个商人，我不喜欢在不需要他们的时候让成千上万的人待在身边，不如在我们需要他们的时候，我们可以很快把他们找回来。
当被问及他持续削减美国疾病控制与预防中心、美国国立卫生研究院和世界卫生组织的预算时。
——白宫新闻发布会，2020年2月26日，引自乔纳森·蔡特（2020年2月28日），《当全世界都开始戴口罩时，特朗普却把头埋在沙子里》，纽约

No, it's crazy. Crazy! It's a crazy deal. No, the fake news media, they've been trying to figure this out for years. They still don't get it though. They don't get it. Look at all of those cameras. Look at all of those cameras. That's a lot of cameras. That's a lot of cameras, Lindsey and Tim, that's a lot of... They heard you guys were here. They heard Tim was here and that Lindsey was here and that... And they said, "We're not going to attend that rally," but when we heard those two guys plus our great congressmen, they're here, great congressmen. But this is an incredible time for our nation. We're thrilled to be in the midst of what we call the Great American Comeback and that's what it is. Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, factories are returning, poverty is plummeting, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military. Our country is stronger than ever before.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
不，这太疯狂了。太疯狂了！这真是一笔疯狂的交易。不，那些假新闻媒体，他们多年来一直在试图弄清楚这件事。但他们仍然不明白。他们不明白。看看这些摄像机。看看这些摄像机。好多摄像机。好多摄像机，林赛和蒂姆，好多……他们听说你们来了。他们听说蒂姆来了，林赛来了，还有……他们说：“我们不去参加那场集会了。”但当我们听到那两个人加上我们伟大的国会议员们的消息时，他们来了，伟大的国会议员们。但这对我们国家来说是一个不可思议的时刻。我们很高兴正处于我们所说的“美国伟大复兴”之中，事实也确实如此。就业岗位蓬勃发展，收入飙升，工厂复工，贫困率下降，信心高涨，我们还彻底重建了美国军队的强大力量。我们的国家比以往任何时候都更加强大。 
——唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020年2月28日）

One of my people came up to me and said, "Mr. President, they tried to beat you on Russia, Russia, Russia." That didn't work out too well. They couldn't do it. They tried the impeachment hoax. That was on a perfect conversation. They tried anything. They tried it over and over. They'd been doing it since you got in. It's all turning. They lost. It's all turning. Think of it. Think of it. And this is their new hoax. But we did something that's been pretty amazing. We have 15 people in this massive country and because of the fact that we went early. We went early, we could have had a lot more than that. We're doing great. Our country is doing so great. We are so unified. We are so unified. The Republican party has never ever been unified like it is now. There has never been a movement in the history of our country like we have now. Never been a movement. So a statistic that we want to talk about, go ahead. Say USA. It's okay. USA. So a number that nobody heard of, that I heard of recently and I was shocked to hear it, 35,000 people on average die each year from the flu. Did anyone know that? 35,000, that's a lot of people. It could go to 100,000, it could be 27,000. They say usually a minimum of 27, goes up to 100,000 people a year die. And so far we have lost nobody to coronavirus in the United States. Nobody. And it doesn't mean we won't and we are totally prepared. It doesn't mean we won't, but think of it. You hear 35 and 40,000 people and we've lost nobody and you wonder the press is in hysteria mode. CNN fake news and the camera just went off, the camera. The camera just went off. Turn it back on. Hey, by the way, hold it. Look at this, and honestly, all events are like this. It's about us. It's all about us. I wish they'd take the camera, show the arena please. They never do. They never do. They never do it. They never show the arena. You can hear it because when you hear it, that's not 200 people. That's not a hundred people. That's thousands and thousands of people including people outside. You can hear it. They always show my face. See that face? They show my face. I want them to show the arena, not my face, right? [...] While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with these vile hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border, and lifting up citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. We added another 225,000 jobs last month alone. And that makes seven million jobs since our election, seven million. The unemployment rate in the great state of South Carolina. You ever hear of that place?
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
我的一位手下走过来对我说：“总统先生，他们想在俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯的问题上打败你。” 但结果不太好。他们没能成功。他们尝试了弹劾骗局。那是在一次完美的对话中。他们什么都试过了。他们一遍又一遍地尝试。自从你上任以来，他们就一直在这么做。一切都在发生变化。他们输了。一切都在发生变化。想想看。想想看。这就是他们的新骗局。但我们做了一件非常了不起的事情。在这个幅员辽阔的国家，我们只有15个人，因为我们行动早。我们行动早，我们本来可以拥有更多人。我们做得很好。我们的国家做得很好。我们如此团结。我们如此团结。共和党从未像现在这样团结。我们国家历史上从未有过像现在这样的运动。从来没有过。所以我们想谈的一个统计数据，请说。说美国。没关系。美国。一个我最近才听说、却没人知道的数字，让我震惊。平均每年有3.5万人死于流感。有人知道吗？3.5万人，可不是个小数目。也可能达到10万人，也可能达到2.7万人。他们说通常每年至少有2.7万人死亡，最多达到10万人。到目前为止，美国还没有人死于冠状病毒。没有人。这并不意味着我们不会，我们已经做好了充分的准备。这并不意味着我们不会，但想想看。你听说有3.5万到4万人死亡，我们还没有人死亡，你就会想媒体是不是歇斯底里了。CNN播假新闻，摄像机就关了，摄像机。摄像机就关了。把它重新打开。嘿，顺便说一句，等等。看看这个，说实话，所有事件都是这样的。这与我们有关。一切都关乎我们。我希望他们能拿起摄像机，把竞技场展示出来。他们从来不这么做。他们从来不这么做。他们从来不展示竞技场。你能听到，因为当你听到的时候，那不是200人。那不是100人。那是成千上万的人，包括场外的人。你能听到。他们总是展示我的脸。看到那张脸了吗？他们展示我的脸。我希望他们展示竞技场，而不是我的脸，对吧？[...] 当极左派用这些卑鄙的骗局浪费美国时间时，我们一直在杀死恐怖分子，创造就业机会，提高工资，制定公平贸易协议，保卫我们的边境，并提升每个种族、宗教、肤色和信仰的公民。仅上个月我们就增加了22.5万个工作岗位。这意味着自我们当选以来，我们已经增加了700万个工作岗位，700万个。伟大的南卡罗来纳州的失业率。你听说过那个地方吗？ 
—唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020 年 2 月 28 日）

Practically every one. Can you believe it? I'm sure your husbands are thrilled, right? They're thrilled. Where are you going tonight? I'm going to another Trump rally. Cool. Number 114. What do your husbands say about that? This group up here. She said, "We don't care." Thank you. Thank you. Democrats will only say horrible things even though they know we're doing a great job. We're doing a great job with what we have to work with. It's incredible. The Democrats want us to fail so badly. Even if their actions, and you take a look, hurt the people of this country, they'll hurt the people themselves, their wealth, their everything. They're willing to hurt our country in order to say bad, even if they know it's not so. We made an unbelievable deal with Mexico, with Canada, with China, with South Korea, with Japan. And if you put a microphone with these people back there like the Academy Awards used to be, not anymore. Best movie of the year. It's made in South Korea. What's that all about? I'm waiting to see the best movie of the year-
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
几乎每个人。你能相信吗？我敢肯定你们的丈夫一定很激动，对吧？他们激动极了。你们今晚要去哪里？我要去参加另一场特朗普集会。太棒了。114号。你们的丈夫对此有何看法？上面的这群人。她说：“我们不在乎。” 谢谢。谢谢。民主党人只会说些难听的话，即使他们知道我们做得很好。我们在现有的基础上做得很好。真是不可思议。民主党人如此渴望我们失败。即使他们的行为——你看——伤害了这个国家的人民，他们也会伤害人民自己，伤害他们的财富，伤害他们的一切。他们愿意伤害我们的国家，为了说坏话，即使他们知道事实并非如此。我们与墨西哥、加拿大、中国、韩国和日本达成了一项令人难以置信的协议。如果你把麦克风放在这些人身上，就像以前的奥斯卡颁奖典礼一样，那就不再是了。年度最佳影片。这是韩国做的。这到底是怎么回事？我等着看年度最佳影片呢
——唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020年2月28日）

...young people are really, this is an incredible phenomenon, but they are attacked, successfully attacked to a much lesser extent by this pandemic, by this disease. This whatever they want to call it. You call it a germ, you can call it a flu, you can call it a virus. You know, you can call it many different names. I'm not sure anybody even knows what it is, but the children do very well.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-03-27, quoted in Ian Schwartz (27 March 2020), "Trump on Coronavirus: "I'm Not Sure Anybody Even Knows What It Is"; "You Can Call It A Germ, You Can Call It A Flu"", RealClearPolitics
……年轻人真的……这是一个令人难以置信的现象，但他们受到了这场大流行、这种疾病的攻击，而且成功率要低得多。不管他们怎么称呼它，都可以。你可以叫它细菌，你可以叫它流感，你可以叫它病毒。你知道，你可以给它起很多不同的名字。我不确定是否有人知道它是什么，但孩子们表现得很好。
——冠状病毒特别工作组新闻发布会，2020年3月27日，引自伊恩·施瓦茨（2020年3月27日），“特朗普谈冠状病毒：‘我不确定是否有人知道它是什么’；‘你可以叫它细菌，你可以叫它流感’”，RealClearPolitics

I know South Korea better than anybody, it's a very tight — do you know how many people are in Seoul? Do you know how big the city of Seoul is? 38 million people. That's bigger than anything we have.
—Trump talking about Seoul, which is a city with 10 million people according to the city government's English language website. As quoted by Jake Lahut (30 March 2020), "Trump tried to flex by asking a reporter about the population of Seoul. Then he got it wrong by 28 million.", Business Insider
我比任何人都更了解韩国，这是一个非常复杂的问题——你知道首尔有多少人吗？你知道首尔市有多大吗？3800万人口。这比我们现有的任何城市都要大。
——特朗普谈到首尔，根据首尔市政府的英文网站，首尔市人口为1000万。正如杰克·拉胡特（Jake Lahut）在2020年3月30日所言，“特朗普试图通过向记者询问首尔的人口数量来炫耀。结果他错了2800万。”——《商业内幕》

She created over 15 million jobs.
—Donald Trump talking about his daughter Ivanka Trump in a call with business leaders. No explanation or supporting evidence was provided. Ian Millhiser (7 April 2020), "Trump claims that his daughter created 10 percent of all the jobs in the United States", Vox
她创造了超过1500万个就业岗位。
——唐纳德·特朗普在与商界领袖的电话会议中谈到他的女儿伊万卡·特朗普。他没有提供任何解释或佐证。伊恩·米尔希瑟（2020年4月7日），“特朗普声称他的女儿创造了美国10%的就业岗位”，Vox

The delays the WHO experienced in declaring a public health emergency cost valuable time tremendous amounts of time; more time was lost in the delay it took to get a team of international experts and to examine the outbreak which we wanted to do which they should have done. The inability of the WHO to obtain virus samples to this date has deprived the scientific community of essential data. New data that emerges across the world on a daily basis points to the unreliability of the initial reports and the world received all sorts of false information about transmission and mortality. The silence of the WHO on the disappearance of scientific researchers and doctors and new restrictions on the sharing of research into the origins of COVID-19 in the country of origin is deeply concerning especially when we put up by far the largest amount of money, not even close. Had the WHO done its job to get medical experts into China to objectively assess the situation on the ground and to call out China's lack of transparency, the outbreak could have been contained as a source with very little death, very little death, and certainly very little death by comparison. This would have saved thousands of lives and avoided worldwide economic damage. Instead the WHO willingly took China's assurances to face value, and they took it just at face value and defended the actions of the Chinese government, even praising China for its so-called transparency. I don't think so. The WHO pushed China's misinformation about the virus, saying it was not communicable, and there was no need for travel bans. They told us when we put on our travel ban a very strong travel ban, there was no need to do it. Don't do it; they actually fought us. The WHO's reliance on China's disclosures likely caused a 20-fold increase in cases worldwide, and it may be much more than that.
—White House coronavirus task force briefing (April 14, 2020), transcript online at RealClearPolitics
世卫组织在宣布公共卫生紧急事件方面遭遇的延误，浪费了大量宝贵时间；更糟的是，我们耽搁了组建国际专家团队并调查疫情的时间，而这正是我们想要的，他们本应这样做。世卫组织至今仍未能获得病毒样本，这使得科学界无法获得关键数据。世界各地每天都会出现新的数据，表明最初报告的不可靠性，世界收到了各种关于传播和死亡率的虚假信息。世卫组织对科研人员和医生失踪事件保持沉默，并对在原产国分享新冠病毒起源研究成果施加新的限制，这令人深感担忧，尤其是在我们投入的资金是迄今为止最多的，甚至远远超过我们的情况下。如果世卫组织履行职责，派遣医疗专家前往中国，客观评估当地情况，并指出中国缺乏透明度，那么疫情本可以得到控制，死亡人数将非常少，相比之下，死亡人数肯定非常少。这将挽救成千上万的生命，并避免全球经济损失。相反，世卫组织却轻信了中国的保证，他们信以为真，为中国政府的行动辩护，甚至称赞中国所谓的透明度。我不这么认为。世卫组织散布了中国关于病毒的错误信息，称病毒不具有传染性，无需旅行禁令。当我们实施旅行禁令时，他们却告诉我们，没有必要这么做。千万别这么做；他们实际上是在与我们作对。世卫组织对中国信息披露的依赖可能导致全球病例增加了20倍，而且可能远不止于此。
——白宫冠状病毒工作组简报（2020年4月14日），RealClearPolitics在线文字记录

Look, I could tell you about — and I’m not going to do it, because I didn’t want to bring it up — but I could tell you about events that took place. And I said things like, “You’ll never do that again” or “You’ll never do this again” or — I don’t even want to mention the events. I don’t want to mention what you’re supposed to be doing because — and you know one of them was so horrible.  I said, “A certain industry will be out of business — never happen again.” Two weeks later, it was like nothing ever happened. Hopefully, we get rid of this. We have tremendous talent up here and all over, including governors, including local governments, state governments.
—Remarks by President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Members of the Coronavirus Task Force in Press Briefing | April 17, 2020
听着，我可以告诉你——但我不会这么做，因为我不想提起——但我可以告诉你一些发生的事情。我说了这样的话：“你以后再也不会那样做了”或“你以后再也不会那样做了”或者——我甚至不想提这些事情。我不想提你应该做什么，因为——你知道其中一件事太可怕了。我说：“某个行业会倒闭——以后再也不会发生了。”两周后，一切就像什么都没发生过一样。希望我们能摆脱这种局面。我们这里和各地都有着巨大的人才，包括州长、地方政府和州政府。
——特朗普总统、彭斯副总统和冠状病毒工作组成员在新闻发布会上的讲话 | 2020年4月17日

I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night & read & see that I am angrily eating a hamberger & Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
—As quoted by Alex Woodward (26 April 2020), "'Hambergers' and 'Noble prizes': Trump attacks press in furious Twitter rant riddled with spelling errors", Independent
我从清晨工作到深夜，为了处理贸易协议、军事重建等事宜，已经好几个月没离开白宫了（除了参加“舒适号”医疗船的下水仪式）。然后，我在烂透了的《纽约时报》上读到一篇关于我的工作安排和饮食习惯的虚假报道，作者是一个对我一无所知的三流记者。我经常在椭圆形办公室待到深夜，看到我正愤怒地在卧室里吃着汉堡和健怡可乐。和我在一起的人总是目瞪口呆。什么都能贬低我！
——引自亚历克斯·伍德沃德（2020年4月26日），“‘汉堡’和‘诺贝尔奖’：特朗普在推特上怒斥媒体，满嘴拼写错误”，《独立报》

When will all of the 'reporters' who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia, Russia, Russia, only to have been proven totally wrong (and, in fact, it was the other side who committed the crimes) be turning back their cherished 'Nobles' so that they can be given to the REAL REPORTERS & JOURNALISTS who got it right.
—Tweet, as quoted by James Pasley (26 April 2020), "Trump calls for journalists who covered the Russia investigation to return their 'Noble Prizes' in Twitter rant before deleting it", Business Insider
那些因报道“俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯”而获得诺贝尔奖的“记者”，最终却被证明完全错误（事实上，是对方犯下了罪行），何时才能交还他们珍爱的“诺贝尔奖”，以便将其颁发给真正报道正确的记者和新闻工作者呢？
——詹姆斯·帕斯利（James Pasley）在2020年4月26日的推文中引用道：“特朗普在推特上呼吁报道俄罗斯调查的记者归还他们的‘诺贝尔奖’，然后删除相关推文”，《商业内幕》

With all of that unity we have, in one sense, we have great unity, in another sense, I think they're going to come along, I mean, you know, I certainly hope so, but the main thing I have to do is bring our country back, and I want to get it back to where it was or maybe beyond where it was, you know, we have tremendous stimulus, all the money we've been talking about so far tonight.
—As quoted by Chris Cillizza (4 May 2020), "The 45 most shocking lines from Donald Trump's Lincoln Memorial Fox town hall", CNN
我们如此团结，从某种意义上说，我们拥有伟大的团结；从另一种意义上说，我认为他们会跟上，我的意思是，你知道，我当然希望如此，但我要做的最重要的事情是带领我们的国家复苏，我希望它回到原来的状态，或者超越原来的状态，你知道，我们有巨大的刺激计划，还有我们今晚一直在谈论的所有资金。
——克里斯·西利扎（2020年5月4日）CNN报道，“唐纳德·特朗普在林肯纪念堂福克斯市政厅最令人震惊的45句话”

To me it's not an acceptable answer, especially when it comes to schools
—Trump was commenting on a statement from infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci, warning that getting businesses and schools back open too quickly would lead to unnecessary suffering and death, as quoted in Stephen Collinson (13 May 2020), "Trump's rebuke of Fauci encapsulates rejection of science in virus fight", CNN
对我来说，这不是一个可以接受的答案，尤其是在学校问题上。
——特朗普是在评论传染病专家安东尼·福奇博士的一份声明，该声明警告称，过快恢复企业和学校运营将导致不必要的痛苦和死亡。CNN 援引斯蒂芬·科林森 (Stephen Collinson) 的报道（2020 年 5 月 13 日），“特朗普对福奇的斥责体现了其在抗击病毒过程中对科学的拒绝”。

Your 401(k)s and money itself will be worthless.
—Claimed about what will happen if Joe Biden wins the next president election, as quoted by Daniel Dale, Tara Subramaniam (20 June 2020), "Lying again about the pandemic, Trump made 200 false claims from early June to early July", CNN
你的 401(k) 计划和钱本身将变得一文不值。
——关于乔·拜登赢得下届总统大选将会发生什么的言论，引自丹尼尔·戴尔和塔拉·苏布拉马尼亚姆 (2020 年 6 月 20 日)，“特朗普再次就疫情问题撒谎，从 6 月初到 7 月初，他提出了 200 条虚假声明”，CNN

I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn't even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles.
—As quoted by Catherine Garcia (12 July 2020), "Trump says possibly unstable section of border wall funded by supporters was 'only done to make me look bad'", The Week
我不同意由一个靠广告筹款的私人团体在一个棘手的地区修建这么一小段墙。修建这小段墙只是为了让我丢脸，现在看来根本行不通。应该像其他500多英里长的墙一样修建。
——凯瑟琳·加西亚（2020年7月12日）在《一周》杂志上写道：“特朗普称支持者资助的、可能不稳定的边境墙段‘只是为了让我丢脸’”。

Now, they need that money in order to make the post office work, so it can take all of these millions and millions of ballots. Now, if we don’t make a deal, that means they don’t get the money. That means they can’t have universal mail-in voting, they just can’t have it.
—(August 13, 2020) Trump suggests he'd oppose USPS funding to hurt mail-in voting, then says he won't ABC News
现在，他们需要这笔钱来维持邮局的运转，这样邮局才能接收数百万张选票。如果我们不达成协议，就意味着他们拿不到钱。这意味着他们无法进行全民邮寄投票，根本就无法进行。
——（2020年8月13日）特朗普暗示他会反对美国邮政署的资金来损害邮寄投票，但随后又表示他不会这么做 ABC新闻

Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS & HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!!
—Trump in Trump attacks the sixth-richest woman in the world for her ties to The Atlantic on September 6, 2020
史蒂夫·乔布斯不会乐意看到妻子把他留给她的钱浪费在一家失败的激进左翼杂志上，这家杂志由一个骗子（戈德堡）经营，充斥着假新闻和仇恨。给她打电话，给她写信，让她知道你的感受！！！
——特朗普在2020年9月6日的文章中抨击这位全球第六大女富豪与《大西洋月刊》的关系

I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business.
—According to Trump says he will not negotiate on COVID relief until after election
我已指示我的代表们停止谈判，直到大选结束后，我获胜后我们将立即通过一项重要的经济刺激法案，重点关注辛勤工作的美国人和小企业。
——据特朗普称，他不会在大选后就新冠疫情救助计划进行谈判。

Nobody ever even heard of tariffs. They never even heard of tariffs. Nobody. In fact, when I first started doing it, they didn't even know what it meant.
—Claimed about tariffs on imports from China, as quoted by Daniel Dale (11 October 2020), "Fact check: Trump makes at least 14 false claims in first post-hospital interview on Fox Business", CNN
根本没人听说过关税。他们根本就没听说过关税。根本没人听说过。事实上，我刚开始做这件事的时候，他们根本不知道这是什么意思。
——关于对中国进口产品征收关税的说法，引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年10月11日），“事实核查：特朗普住院后首次接受福克斯商业新闻采访时至少提出14项虚假指控”，CNN

We're not supposed to have a socialist — look we're not going to be a socialist nation. We're not going to have a socialist president, especially a female socialist president, we're not gonna have it, we're not gonna put up with it.
—Quoted by Sarah Al-Arshani (24 October 2020), "Trump targets Kamala Harris in sexist rant against the Democratic vice-presidential nominee", Business Insider
我们不应该拥有一个社会主义者——瞧，我们不会成为一个社会主义国家。我们不会拥有一位社会主义总统，尤其是一位女性社会主义总统，我们不会接受，我们也不会容忍。
——引自莎拉·阿尔沙尼（Sarah Al-Arshani）（2020年10月24日），“特朗普在针对民主党副总统候选人卡玛拉·哈里斯的性别歧视言论中瞄准她”，《商业内幕》

Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd
—Tweet, labelled as "Misleading", as quoted by Isobel Asher Hamilton (26 October 2020), "Twitter slapped yet another Trump tweet about mail-in voting with a 'misleading' label and stopped other users from retweeting it", Business Insider
美国各地邮寄选票存在严重问题和差异。最终总数必须在11月3日公布。
——一条推文被标记为“误导性”，引自伊莎贝尔·阿舍尔·汉密尔顿（2020年10月26日），“推特又给特朗普一条关于邮寄投票的推文贴上了‘误导性’的标签，并禁止其他用户转发”，《商业内幕》

You know in Germany, if you have a bad heart and you’re ready to die, or if you have cancer and you’re going to be dying soon and you catch Covid, that happens: we mark it down to Covid.
You know, our doctors get more money if somebody dies from Covid. You know that, right?
I mean our doctors are very smart people. So what they do is, they say, "I’m sorry, but you know everybody dies of Covid."
But in Germany and other places, if you have a heart attack, or if you have cancer, you’re terminally ill, you catch Covid, they say you died of cancer, you died of a heart attack.
With us? When in doubt, choose Covid.
Now, it’s true. Now, they’ll say ‘oh, it’s terrible what he said’, but that’s true. It’s like $2,000 more.
—30 October 2020  Trump's estimate is too high, as Ashish Ja states, the bump for documenting Covid ranges from $1600-$2200 which is an average of only $1900 more.
你知道在德国，如果你心脏病发作，濒临死亡，或者你得了癌症，生命垂危，却又感染了新冠病毒，这种情况会发生：我们会把这笔钱算作新冠病毒。
你知道，如果有人死于新冠病毒，我们的医生就能拿到更多钱。你知道的，对吧？
我的意思是，我们的医生非常聪明。所以他们会说：“对不起，但你知道每个人都死于新冠病毒。”
但在德国和其他地方，如果你心脏病发作，或者你得了癌症，身患绝症，感染了新冠病毒，他们会说你死于癌症，死于心脏病。
和我们一样吗？如果你有疑问，就选择新冠病毒。
这确实是真的。他们会说：“哦，他说的太可怕了”，但这是真的。这差不多要多花2000美元。
—2020 年 10 月 30 日特朗普的估计太高了，正如 Ashish Ja 所说，记录 Covid 的费用从 1600 美元到 2200 美元不等，平均只多出 1900 美元。

Biden can only enter the White House as President if he can prove that his ridiculous '80,000,000 votes' were not fraudulently or illegally obtained. When you see what happened in Detroit, Atlanta, Philadelphia & Milwaukee, massive voter fraud, he's got a big unsolvable problem.
—Claimed, without evidence, as quoted by Grace Panetta (28 November 2020), "Trump implies he won't leave the White House unless Biden 'can prove' he won 80 million votes, as the president continues to tweet lies and conspiracy theories about the election", Business Insider
拜登只有能证明他那荒谬的“8000万张选票”并非通过欺诈或非法手段获得，才能入主白宫担任总统。看看底特律、亚特兰大、费城和密尔沃基发生的大规模选票舞弊事件，就知道他面临着一个无法解决的大问题。
——据格蕾丝·帕内塔（2020年11月28日）援引，未经任何证据声称：“特朗普暗示，除非拜登‘能证明’自己赢得了8000万张选票，否则他不会离开白宫，而总统仍在推特上散布有关选举的谎言和阴谋论”，《商业内幕》

@FoxNews daytime is virtually unwatchable, especially during the weekends.
—Tweet, quoted by Yelena Dzhanova (29 November 2020), "Trump tells viewers to watch 'anything else' but Fox News ahead of his 1st interview since Election Day", Business Insider
@FoxNews 白天几乎无法观看，尤其是周末。
——推文，引用自叶莲娜·扎诺娃 (Yelena Dzhanova) (2020 年 11 月 29 日)，“特朗普在选举日以来的首次采访前告诉观众，除了福克斯新闻，‘其他什么都行’”，《商业内幕》

I came up with vaccines that people didn't think we'd have for five years
We had glitches where they moved thousands of votes from my account to Biden's account
(About the handling of the coronavirus in the US:) We're doing better than the rest of the world
—Claimed, without evidence, as quoted by Alexis Benveniste (29 November 2020), "Fox News' Maria Bartiromo gave Trump his first TV interview since the election. It was filled with lies", CNN Business
我发明了人们认为我们五年内都不会拥有的疫苗。
我们遇到了一些小故障，他们把我账户里的数千张选票转移到了拜登的账户。
（关于美国对新冠病毒的处理：）我们比世界其他国家做得更好。
——据亚历克西斯·本维尼斯特（Alexis Benveniste）（2020年11月29日）援引，未经证实的声称：“福克斯新闻的玛丽亚·巴蒂罗莫接受了特朗普自大选以来的首次电视采访。采访中充满了谎言”，CNN商业版

We love you. You are very special.
—In video in tweet (later deleted) aimed at protestors who entered into the United States Capitol. Quoted by Eliza Relman, Oma Seddiq, Jake Lahut (6 January 2020), Trump tells his violent supporters who stormed the Capitol 'you're very special,' but asks them 'to go home', Business Insider
我们爱你。你很特别。
——针对进入美国国会大厦的抗议者的推文视频（后来被删除）。据伊丽莎·雷尔曼、奥玛·塞迪克和杰克·拉胡特（2020年1月6日）报道，特朗普对冲击国会大厦的暴力支持者说“你很特别”，但要求他们“回家”，《商业内幕》

I would like to begin by addressing the heinous attack on the United States Capitol. Like all Americans, I am outraged by the violence, lawlessness, and mayhem. I immediately deployed the National Guard and Federal law enforcement to secure the building and expel the intruders. America is and must always be a nation of law and order. The demonstrators who infiltrated the Capitol have defiled the seat of American democracy. To those who engage in the acts of violence and destruction, you do not represent our country. And to those who broke the law, you will pay.
We have just been through an intense election, and emotions are high. But now tempers must be cooled and calm restored. We must get on with the business of America. My campaign vigorously pursued every legal avenue to contest the election results. My only goal was to ensure the integrity of the vote. In so doing, I was fighting to defend American democracy. I continue to strongly believe that we must reform our election laws to verify the identity and eligibility of all voters and to ensure faith and confidence in all future elections.
—post-January 6 speech Videotaped Remarks on the Attack on the United States Capitol, the Certification of the Electoral College Results, and the Transition to a New Administration on January 7
首先，我想谈谈对美国国会大厦的令人发指的袭击。和所有美国人一样，我对暴力、无法无天和混乱感到义愤填膺。我立即部署了国民警卫队和联邦执法人员，以确保国会大厦的安全，并驱逐入侵者。美国现在是、也必须永远是一个法治的国家。闯入国会大厦的示威者玷污了美国民主的宝座。对于那些参与暴力和破坏行为的人，你们不代表我们的国家。对于那些违法的人，你们将付出代价。
我们刚刚经历了一场激烈的选举，情绪激动。但现在必须冷静下来，恢复平静。我们必须继续处理美国的事务。我的竞选团队积极寻求一切合法途径来对抗选举结果。我唯一的目标就是确保投票的公正性。我这样做，就是在为捍卫美国民主而战。我始终坚信，我们必须改革选举法，以核实所有选民的身份和资格，并确保人们对未来所有选举的信心。 
——1月6日演讲后，关于1月7日美国国会大厦遇袭、选举人团结果认证以及新政府过渡的录像讲话

The Republican Party can never again be respected or strong with political “leaders” like Sen. Mitch McConnell at its helm. McConnell’s dedication to business as usual, status quo policies, together with his lack of political insight, wisdom, skill, and personality, has rapidly driven him from Majority Leader to Minority Leader, and it will only get worse. The Democrats and Chuck Schumer play McConnell like a fiddle—they’ve never had it so good—and they want to keep it that way! We know our America First agenda is a winner, not McConnell’s Beltway First agenda or Biden’s America Last.
It was a complete election disaster in Georgia, and certain other swing states. McConnell did nothing, and will never do what needs to be done in order to secure a fair and just electoral system into the future. He doesn’t have what it takes, never did, and never will.
Mitch is a dour, sullen, and unsmiling political hack, and if Republican Senators are going to stay with him, they will not win again. He will never do what needs to be done, or what is right for our Country.
—Statement by Donald J. Trump, February 16, 2021
在像参议员米奇·麦康奈尔这样的政治“领袖”的领导下，共和党再也无法获得尊重和强大。麦康奈尔执着于一切照旧、维持现状的政策，加上他缺乏政治洞察力、智慧、技巧和人格魅力，使他迅速从多数党领袖沦为少数党领袖，而且情况只会变得更糟。民主党人和查克·舒默把麦康奈尔玩弄于股掌之间——他们从未如此得心应手——而且他们还想继续这样下去！我们知道，我们的“美国优先”议程才是赢家，而不是麦康奈尔的“华盛顿优先”议程或拜登的“美国最后”。
佐治亚州和其他一些摇摆州的选举彻底是一场灾难。麦康奈尔没有做任何事，也永远不会做任何事来确保未来选举制度的公平公正。他不具备所需的条件，过去没有，将来也永远不会具备。
米奇是个阴沉、阴郁、不苟言笑的政治骗子，如果共和党参议员继续支持他，他们就无法再次获胜。他永远不会做该做的事，也不会做对我们国家正确的事情。
——唐纳德·J·特朗普声明，2021年2月16日

Karl Rove has been losing for years, except for himself.
He's a RINO of the highest order, who came to the Oval Office lobbying for 5G for him and a group.
He's a pompous fool with bad advice and always has an agenda.
If the Republican Party is going to be successful, they're going to have to stop dealing with the likes of Karl Rove and just let him float away, or retire, like Liddle' Bob Corker, Jeff 'Flakey' Flake, and others like Toomey of Pennsylvania, who will soon follow.
31 million people listened to my CPAC speech online, and it had among the largest television audience of the week, even though it was on cable at 4pm on Sunday afternoon.
—Quoted by Chris Cillizza (5 March 2021), The 17 most outlandish lines from Donald Trump's attack on Karl Rove, CNN
卡尔·罗夫多年来一直在失败，除了他自己。
他是个顶级的共和党异见人士（RINO），来到椭圆形办公室为他和一帮人游说5G。
他是个自负的傻瓜，总是给出糟糕的建议，而且总是有自己的议程。
如果共和党想要成功，就必须停止与卡尔·罗夫之流打交道，让他随波逐流，或者像利德尔·鲍勃·科克、杰夫·“弗莱基”·弗莱克以及宾夕法尼亚州的图米等人一样退休，这些人很快就会效仿。
有3100万人在线收听了我的保守政治行动委员会（CPAC）演讲，尽管它是在周日下午4点在有线电视上播出的，但它的收视率是本周最高的。
——克里斯·西利扎（2021年3月5日）引用，《唐纳德·特朗普攻击卡尔·罗夫的17句最离谱的话》，CNN

No more money for RINOS. They do nothing but hurt the Republican Party and our great voting base--they will never lead us to Greatness. Send your donation to Save America PAC at DonaldJTrump.com.
—Quoted by Michael Warren, Fredreka Schouten, Eric Bradner (10 March 2021), Trump's clash with GOP over using his name in fundraising ignites midterm worries, CNN
别再给共和党的“共和党人”（RINO）拨款了。他们只会伤害共和党和我们庞大的选民基础——他们永远不会带领我们走向伟大。请将您的捐款发送到“拯救美国”政治行动委员会（Save America PAC），网址为DonaldJTrump.com。
——迈克尔·沃伦、弗雷德雷卡·斯考滕和埃里克·布拉德纳（2021年3月10日）援引CNN报道，特朗普与共和党就使用其名义筹款引发中期选举担忧。

Getting out of Afghanistan is a wonderful and positive thing to do. I planned to withdraw on May 1st, and we should keep as close to that schedule as possible.
—"Trump says Biden's plan to withdraw US troops from Afghanistan is a 'wonderful and positive thing to do'", Business Insider, 19 April 2021
撤出阿富汗是一件美妙而积极的事情。我计划在5月1日撤军，我们应该尽可能地按照这个计划进行。
——“特朗普称拜登从阿富汗撤军的计划是一件‘美妙而积极的事情’”，《商业内幕》，2021年4月19日

There is massive and unconditional evidence that the election was shattered with fraud and irregularities at a level that our Country has never seen before. Much of it is already public, and a great deal more is coming out in the very near future. Every time you read a statement that there is “no evidence of election fraud,” about the 2020 election scam, just attribute that statement to a crooked and collusive media (they work closely together with the Radical Left Democrats) that will do anything to hide the real facts of this election fiasco.
—1 August 2021
大量确凿的证据表明，此次选举充斥着我国前所未见的舞弊和违规行为。其中大部分证据已经公开，而且不久的将来还会有更多证据浮出水面。每当你看到关于2020年选举骗局的“没有选举舞弊证据”的声明时，就应该把这归咎于那些不法媒体（他们与激进左翼民主党人密切合作），他们不择手段地掩盖这场选举惨败的真相。
——2021年8月1日

Republican Senators, do not vote for this terrible deal (debt limit) being pushed by folding Mitch McConnell. Stand strong for our Country.
The American people are with you!
—In an emailed statement "Trump urges GOP senators to vote against McConnell debt deal" (October 7,2021)
共和党参议员们，不要投票支持米奇·麦康奈尔推动的这项糟糕协议（债务上限）。要坚定地捍卫我们的国家。
美国人民与你们同在！
——在一封电子邮件声明中，“特朗普敦促共和党参议员投票反对麦康奈尔的债务协议”（2021年10月7日）

We live in a world where the Taliban has a huge presence on Twitter, yet your favorite American president has been silenced
—"Trump announces social media platform launch plan, SPAC deal" (October 20, 2021)
我们生活在这样一个世界，塔利班在推特上拥有巨大的影响力，而你最喜欢的美国总统却被噤声了。
——“特朗普宣布社交媒体平台启动计划和特殊目的收购公司（SPAC）协议”（2021年10月20日）

I thought the Palestinians were impossible, and the Israelis would do anything to make peace and a deal. I found that not to be true.
—Donald Trump, Trump: I thought Israelis would do anything for peace, but found that not to be true, Times of Israel (11 December 2021)
我以为巴勒斯坦人是不可理喻的，以色列人会不惜一切代价来促成和平与达成协议。但我发现事实并非如此。
——唐纳德·特朗普，《特朗普：我以为以色列人会不惜一切代价来达成和平，但我发现事实并非如此》，《以色列时报》（2021年12月11日）

Bibi did not want to make a deal. Even most recently, when we came up with the maps. Now I don’t know if he didn’t want to make it for political reasons, or for other reasons. I wish he would have said he didn’t want to make a deal, instead of…. Because a lot of people devoted a lot of work. But I don’t think Bibi would have ever made a deal. That’s my opinion. I think the general [Gantz] wanted to make a deal.
—11 December 2021 quoted by Times of Israel
比比不想达成协议。即使最近我们制定地图的时候也是如此。现在我不知道他不想达成协议是出于政治原因，还是其他原因。我希望他当时说他不想达成协议，而不是……因为很多人为此付出了很多努力。但我认为比比永远不会达成协议。这是我的看法。我认为[甘茨]将军想达成协议。
——2021年12月11日《以色列时报》

I think the origins are so obvious. They came out of the Wuhan lab. And I think if anybody thinks anything differently, they’re just kidding themselves. So, you can ask — China has to pay. They have to do something. They have to pay reparations. And China doesn’t have the money to pay those reparations. I believe that worldwide — I’m not just talking United States — worldwide, $60 trillion of damage, $60 trillion. China doesn’t have $60 trillion. But they have to do something to make up for what they’ve done. What they’ve done to the world is so horrible. It’s been horrible, all over the world. And it doesn’t stop.
—19 December 2021
我认为病毒的起源显而易见。它们来自武汉实验室。如果有人持不同意见，那他们就是在自欺欺人。所以，你可以问——中国必须付出代价。他们必须采取行动。他们必须赔偿。而中国没有钱来支付这些赔偿。我相信，全世界——我指的不仅仅是美国——的损失高达60万亿美元，60万亿美元。中国没有60万亿美元。但他们必须采取行动来弥补他们所作所为。他们对世界所做的一切太可怕了。这在世界各地都很糟糕。而且这种状况还在持续。
——2021年12月19日

She owes me nearly $300,000, Now all I have to do is wait for all of the money she owes me.
—Trump crows as liberal 9th Circuit seals victory over Stormy Daniels, Michael Avenatti
她欠我近30万美元，现在我只需要等她把欠我的钱全部还清。
——特朗普在自由派第九巡回上诉法院击败斯托米·丹尼尔斯和迈克尔·阿维纳蒂时欢呼雀跃。

I listen to him constantly using the n-word, that’s the n-word, and he’s constantly using it, the nuclear word. They didn’t attack any other countries under us. I’m the only one where that didn’t happen. And with Bush, they took Georgia, and they took Crimea with Biden and Obama. And now he said ‘to hell with it. Let’s take the whole thing'.
—Trump says Putin keeps using the ‘n-word’ meaning ‘nuclear’ as he claims Russian leader is ‘different’ man to one he dealt with
我听他不停地用“黑鬼”这个词，就是黑鬼，而且他一直在用，核武这个词。他们没有攻击我们统治下的任何其他国家。我是唯一一个没有发生过这种事的人。布什执政时，他们占领了格鲁吉亚，拜登和奥巴马执政时，他们占领了克里米亚。现在他说‘去他的，让我们把一切都拿下吧’。
——特朗普说，普京一直在用“黑鬼”这个词来指代“核武”，因为他声称这位俄罗斯领导人和他打过交道的那位“不一样”。

Which would you rather be, a dumb person or a dictator? Perhaps a dictator would be better. I don't want to be a dumb person.
—Trump says he'd rather be 'a dictator' than 'a dumb person' after bragging about the cognitive test he took in 2018, Business Insider, 22 April 2022
你更愿意做傻瓜还是独裁者？或许独裁者更好。我才不想做傻瓜呢。
——特朗普在吹嘘自己2018年参加的认知测试后表示，他宁愿做“独裁者”也不愿做“傻瓜”，《商业内幕》，2022年4月22日

We need a top-to-bottom security overhaul of schools [...] Every building should have a single entry point. No one should ever be able to get near a classroom until they have been checked, scanned and screened ... Above all, from this day forward, every school in America should have an armed police officer or an armed resources officer on duty at all times. [...] Clearly, we need to make it far easier to confine the violent and mentally deranged into mental institutions.
—Speech at the NRA convention, Houston (May 27, 2022), as cited in "After horror, failure of Uvalde massacre, business as usual at NRA meeting in Houston" The Sydney Morning Herald (May 28, 2022)
我们需要对学校进行彻底的安全整顿……每栋建筑都应该有一个单一的入口。任何人未经检查、扫描和筛查，都不得靠近教室……最重要的是，从今天起，美国的每所学校都应该始终有一名武装警察或一名武装资源官员值班。……显然，我们需要让将暴力和精神错乱者关押在精神病院变得更加容易。
——在休斯顿举行的美国步枪协会大会上的演讲（2022年5月27日），摘自《悉尼先驱晨报》（2022年5月28日），“在尤瓦尔德屠杀的恐怖和失败之后，休斯顿美国步枪协会会议一切照旧”。

We are never going back to a party that wants to give unlimited money to fight foreign endless wars but demands we cut veteran benefits and retirement benefits at home.
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
我们绝不会回到那个既想拿出无限资金打无休止的对外战争，又要求我们削减国内退伍军人福利和退休金的政党。
——2023年3月4日，保守政治行动委员会（CPAC）在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

They just found a letter from Crooked Joe Biden directly to Keven Archer. Oh well, so much for “Joe” not knowing anything about all of the money he extorted. At some point the LameStream Media will have to cover this story, perhaps the biggest scandal in U.S. history. When they do, our Country will start to heal!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110850107581995665
他们刚刚发现了一封骗子乔·拜登直接写给凯文·阿彻的信。唉，乔对他勒索的钱财一无所知，真是够了。迟早，那些蹩脚的主流媒体得报道这件事，这或许是美国历史上最大的丑闻。等他们报道的时候，我们的国家才能开始痊愈！
——https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110850107581995665

HOW CAN MY CORRUPT POLITICAL OPPONENT PUT ME ON TRIAL(S) DURING A CAMPAIGN THAT I AM WINNING (BY A LOT!), BUT FORCING ME TO SPEND TIME AND MONEY AWAY FROM THE “CAMPAIGN TRAIL” IN ORDER TO FIGHT BOGUS ACCUSATIONS & CHARGES? IS THIS GOING TO BE THE FUTURE OF ELECTIONS IN AMERICA? CAN A PRESIDENT ORDER HIS DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TO INDICT AN OPPONENT JUST PRIOR TO AN ELECTION?
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110849582956879248
我腐败的政治对手怎么能在我即将赢得（遥遥领先！）的竞选期间对我进行审判，却又强迫我投入时间和金钱，远离“竞选活动”，去对抗那些莫须有的指控和指控？这会成为美国选举的未来吗？总统可以在选举前夕命令司法部起诉对手吗？
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110849582956879248

Can you believe that Crooked Joe Biden is giving $6 Billion to the terrorist regime in Iran? That money be used for terrorism all over the Middle East, and, indeed, the World. This incompetent FOOL is absolutely destroying America He had the audacity to announce this terrible deal today, September 11th. To pay for hostages will lead to kidnapping, ransom, and blackmail against Americans across the globe So, lets get this straight! We did a hostage TRADE with Iran. We gave them 5 very tough, smart people that they desperately wanted. We likewise got back 5 people BUT, we also gave them 6 BILLION DOLLARS! How much of a kickback does Crooked Joe Biden get Does anyone realize how much money 6 Billion Dollars is? When I was President, I got back 58 hostages for ZERO money. Remember Pastor Brunson? It sets a TERRIBLE precedent. Republicans, call out the 25th Amendment, NOW! Biden is INCOMPETENT
—https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/4199317-trump-rips-biden-for-release-of-6b-in-iranian-funds/
你能相信骗子乔拜登向伊朗恐怖主义政权提供了 60 亿美元吗？这笔钱将用于整个中东乃至全世界的恐怖主义。这个无能的傻瓜正在彻底摧毁美国。他竟然在今天，9 月 11 日，宣布了这项可怕的交易。支付人质费用将导致全球美国人遭到绑架、勒索和勒索所以，让我们把事情说清楚！我们与伊朗进行了人质交易。我们给了他们 5 个他们非常想要的非常强硬、聪明的人。我们也救回了 5 个人，但是，我们还给了他们 60 亿美元！骗子乔拜登得到了多少回扣？有人知道 60 亿美元是多少钱吗？我当总统的时候，用零钱救回了 58 名人质。还记得布伦森牧师吗？这开创了一个可怕的先例。共和党人，现在就呼吁第 25 修正案！拜登无能
—https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/4199317-trump-rips-biden-for-release-of-6b-in-iranian-funds/

Even if you vote and then pass away, it's worth it.
—14 January 2024 per Business Insider and CNN
即使你投票后去世，也值得。
——2024年1月14日，Business Insider 和 CNN

Our witnesses were literally crucified by this man who looks like an angel, but he is really a devil.
—31 May 2024 tweet by Acyn shows footage of Trump saying this about Judge Juan Merchan, after Trump was found guilty in concealing payment of hush money to adult film performer Stormy Daniels, cited in "Social Media Mocks Trump's Claim That Trial Witnesses Were 'Literally Crucified'", Huffington Post (June 02, 2024)
我们的证人真的被这个看起来像天使但实际上是魔鬼的人钉在了十字架上。
——Acyn 于 2024 年 5 月 31 日发布的推文显示，特朗普在因隐瞒向成人电影演员 Stormy Daniels 支付封口费而被判有罪后，对 Juan Merchan 法官发表了这番言论。该推文摘自《赫芬顿邮报》（2024 年 6 月 2 日）的“社交媒体嘲笑特朗普声称审判证人‘真的被钉在十字架上’”一文。

That’s a weird deal going on there. They’re the weird ones. Nobody’s ever called me weird. I’m a lot of things, but weird I’m not.
You notice the evening news, every one of them, you know, they introduced the word ‘weird’, and all of a sudden they’re talking about ‘weird’. No, we’re not weird people. We’re actually just the opposite. We’re right down the middle.
No, we're not weird. We're very solid people. We want to have strong borders. We want to have good elections. They’re the weird ones.
—1 August 2024 Time and "Donald Trump: Stop Calling Me and J.D. Vance ‘Weird’", The Daily Beast
那里发生的事情很奇怪。他们才是怪人。从来没人叫我怪人。我有很多怪癖，但我一点也不怪。
你注意到晚间新闻了吗？你知道，他们每期都会引入“怪人”这个词，然后突然间他们就讨论起了“怪人”。不，我们不是怪人。我们恰恰相反。我们正处于中间地带。
不，我们不是怪人。我们是非常踏实的人。我们想要强大的边界。我们想要有好的选举。他们才是怪人。
——2024年8月1日，《时代》杂志和《每日野兽》：“唐纳德·特朗普：别再叫我和J.D.万斯‘怪人’了”

you take a look at Venezuela as an example, the crime is down 72% because they've taken their criminals from Caracas, they've taken their drug dealers. They're emptying their prisons into our country
—"Crime Drop in Venezuela Does Not Prove Trump’s Claim the Country Is Sending Criminals to U.S.", FactCheck.org (June 14, 2024)
以委内瑞拉为例，犯罪率下降了72%，因为他们把罪犯从加拉加斯遣返了，把毒贩也遣返了。他们把监狱里的囚犯都送到了我们国家。
——“委内瑞拉犯罪率下降并不能证明特朗普所说的委内瑞拉正在向美国输送罪犯的说法”，FactCheck.org（2024年6月14日）

[Asked about what specific legislation Trump would advance to make child care affordable:] Well, I would do that, and we’re sitting down, and I was, somebody, we had Senator Marco Rubio, and my daughter Ivanka was so impactful on that issue. It’s a very important issue. But I think when you talk about the kind of numbers that I’m talking about, that, because, look, child care is child care is. It’s, couldn’t, you know, there’s something, you have to have it. In this country you have to have it. But when you talk about those numbers compared to the kind of numbers that I’m talking about by taxing foreign nations at levels that they’re not used to — but they’ll get used to it very quickly – and it’s not gonna stop them from doing business with us, but they’ll have a very substantial tax when they send product into our country. Those numbers are so much bigger than any numbers that we’re talking about, including child care, that it’s going to take care. We’re gonna have — I, I look forward to having no deficits within a fairly short period of time, coupled with the reductions that I told you about on waste and fraud and all of the other things that are going on in our country, because I have to stay with child care. I want to stay with child care, but those numbers are small relative to the kind of economic numbers that I’m talking about, including growth, but growth also headed up by what the plan is that I just, that I just told you about. We’re gonna be taking in trillions of dollars, and as much as child care is talked about as being expensive, it’s relatively speaking not very expensive compared to the kind of numbers we’ll be taking in. We’re going to make this into an incredible country that can afford to take care of its people, and then we’ll worry about the rest of the world. Let’s help other people. But we’re going to take care of our country first. This is about America first. It’s about Make America Great Again. We have to do it because right now we’re a failing nation, so we’ll take care of it.
—"Trump tried to explain how he plans to make childcare more affordable. It was a word salad", Independent (September 6, 2024)
[当被问及特朗普将推进哪些具体的立法来降低儿童保育费用时：] 嗯，我会这么做，我们坐下来讨论，我当时是，有人，我们有参议员马可·卢比奥，我的女儿伊万卡在这个问题上也非常有影响力。这是一个非常重要的问题。但我认为，当你谈论我所说的数字时，因为，你看，儿童保育就是儿童保育。你知道，有些东西你必须拥有它。在这个国家，你必须拥有它。但当你谈论这些数字与我所说的对外国征收他们不习惯的税额相比时——他们很快就会习惯——这不会阻止他们与我们做生意，但他们在向我们出口产品时会被征收非常高的税。这些数字比我们谈论的任何数字都要大得多，包括儿童保育，所以它会照顾好。我们将——我，我期待在相当短的时间内实现零赤字，再加上我之前提到的在浪费、欺诈以及我们国家正在发生的其他问题上的削减，因为我必须继续关注儿童保育问题。我想继续关注儿童保育问题，但这些数字相对于我所说的经济数字来说微不足道，包括经济增长，而经济增长也由我刚才提到的计划主导。我们将投入数万亿美元，尽管人们说儿童保育费用昂贵，但与我们即将接收的人数相比，它相对来说并不算昂贵。我们要把我们建设成一个有能力照顾人民的伟大国家，然后再考虑世界其他国家。让我们帮助其他人。但我们首先要照顾好我们的国家。这关乎美国，关乎让美国再次伟大。我们必须这么做，因为我们现在是一个正在走向失败的国家，所以我们会解决这个问题。
——“特朗普试图解释他计划如何让儿童保育费用更实惠。结果却只是一堆空话”，《独立报》（2024年9月6日）

As the first order of business, this commission will develop an action plan to totally eliminate fraud and improper payments within six months, saving trillions of dollars
—How Elon Musk Is Influencing Donald Trump, New York Times (September 6, 2024)
作为首要任务，该委员会将制定一项行动计划，在六个月内彻底消除欺诈和不当支付，从而节省数万亿美元。
——《埃隆·马斯克如何影响唐纳德·特朗普》，《纽约时报》（2024年9月6日）

DAVID MUIR: You also said you would use local police. How would you deport 11 million undocumented immigrants? I know you believe that number is much higher….
Yeah. It is much higher because of them. They allowed criminals. Many, many, millions of criminals. They allowed terrorists. They allowed common street criminals. They allowed people to come in, drug dealers, to come into our country, and they're now in the United States. And told by their countries like Venezuela don't ever come back or we're going to kill you. Do you know that crime in Venezuela and crime in countries all over the world is way down? You know why? Because they've taken their criminals off the street and they've given them to her to put into our country. And this will be one of the greatest mistakes in history for them to allow -- and I think they probably did it because they think they're going to get votes. But it's not worth it. Because they're destroying the fabric of our country by what they've done. There's never been anything done like this at all. They've destroyed the fabric of our country. Millions of people let in. And all over the world crime is down. All over the world except here. Crime here is up and through the roof. Despite their fraudulent statements that they made. Crime in this country is through the roof. And we have a new form of crime. It's called migrant crime. And it's happening at levels that nobody thought possible.
DAVID MUIR: President Trump, as you know, the FBI says overall violent crime is actually coming down in this country, but Vice President the...
Excuse me, the FBI -- they were defrauding statements. They didn't include the worst cities. They didn't include the cities with the worst crime. It was a fraud. Just like their number of 818,000 jobs that they said they created turned out to be a fraud.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
大卫·缪尔：您还说会动用当地警察。您打算如何驱逐1100万无证移民？我知道您认为这个数字要高得多……
是的。正是因为他们，这个数字才会高得多。他们纵容罪犯。数以百万计的罪犯。他们纵容恐怖分子。他们纵容街头罪犯。他们允许毒贩进入我们的国家，而这些人现在就在美国。然后像委内瑞拉这样的国家威胁他们，永远不要回来，否则我们会杀了你们。您知道吗？委内瑞拉以及世界各国的犯罪率都在大幅下降？您知道为什么吗？因为他们把罪犯从街上带走，交给她，让她把他们送进我们的国家。这将是他们历史上最大的错误之一——我认为他们这样做可能是因为他们认为这样可以赢得选票。但这不值得。因为他们的所作所为正在摧毁我们国家的结构。从来没有发生过这样的事。他们摧毁了我们国家的结构。数百万人被允许入境。全世界的犯罪率都在下降。除了这里，全世界都一样。这里的犯罪率高得惊人。尽管他们发表了虚假声明。这个国家的犯罪率确实高得惊人。而且我们出现了一种新的犯罪形式，叫做移民犯罪。它的犯罪率之高，超出了所有人的想象。
大卫·缪尔：特朗普总统，正如你所知，联邦调查局表示，这个国家的整体暴力犯罪实际上正在下降，但副总统……
不好意思，联邦调查局——他们的声明是骗人的。他们没有包括犯罪率最高的城市。他们没有包括犯罪率最高的城市。这是一个骗局。就像他们声称创造了81.8万个就业岗位，结果也是个骗局一样。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

She went out -- she went out in Minnesota and wanted to let criminals that killed people, that burned down Minneapolis, she went out and raised money to get them out of jail. She did things that nobody would ever think of. Now she wants to do transgender operations on illegal aliens that are in prison. This is a radical left liberal that would do this. She wants to confiscate your guns and she will never allow fracking in Pennsylvania. If she won the election, fracking in Pennsylvania will end on day one.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
她走出去——她走出去到明尼苏达州，想要让那些杀人、烧毁明尼阿波利斯的罪犯出狱，她出去筹款，把他们救出来。她做了一些没人能想到的事情。现在，她想给监狱里的非法移民做变性手术。这是一个激进的左翼自由主义者才会这么做。她想没收你们的枪支，而且她永远不会允许在宾夕法尼亚州进行水力压裂。如果她赢得大选，宾夕法尼亚州的水力压裂将在第一天就终结。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

She hates Israel. If she's president, I believe that Israel will not exist within two years from now. And I've been pretty good at predictions. And I hope I'm wrong about that one. She hates Israel. At the same time in her own way she hates the Arab population because the whole place is going to get blown up, Arabs, Jewish people, Israel. Israel will be gone. It would have never happened. Iran was broke under Donald Trump. Now Iran has $300 billion because they took off all the sanctions that I had. Iran had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah or any of the 28 different spheres of terror.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
她恨以色列。如果她当选总统，我相信以色列两年内就会不复存在。我的预测能力一直都挺强的，希望这次我的预测是错的。她恨以色列。同时，她也以自己的方式恨阿拉伯人民，因为整个地方都会被炸毁，阿拉伯人、犹太人、以色列。以色列会不复存在。这根本不可能发生。伊朗在唐纳德·特朗普的领导下破产了。现在伊朗有3000亿美元，因为他们取消了我之前的所有制裁。伊朗没有钱支持哈马斯、真主党或任何28个不同的恐怖组织。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

KAMALA HARRIS: [Regarding a peace deal Trump negotiated to end the Afghan War:] He bypassed the Afghan government. He negotiated directly with a terrorist organization called the Taliban. The negotiation involved the Taliban getting 5,000 terrorists, Taliban terrorists released.
So if you take a look at that period of time, the Taliban was killing our soldiers, a lot of them, with snipers. And I got involved with the Taliban because the Taliban was doing the killing. That's the fighting force within Afghanistan. They don't bother doing that because you know, they deal with the wrong people all the time. But I got involved. And Abdul is the head of the Taliban. He is still the head of the Taliban. And I told Abdul don't do it anymore, you do it anymore you're going to have problems. And he said why do you send me a picture of my house? I said you're going to have to figure that out, Abdul. And for 18 months we had nobody killed. We did have an agreement negotiated by Mike Pompeo. It was a very good agreement. The reason it was good, it was -- we were getting out. We would have been out faster than them, but we wouldn't have lost the soldiers. We wouldn't have left many Americans behind. And we wouldn't have left -- we wouldn't have left $85 billion worth of brand new beautiful military equipment behind. And just to finish, they blew it. The agreement said you have to do this, this, this, this, this, and they didn't do it. They didn't do it. The agreement was, was terminated by us because they didn't do what they were supposed to do.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：[关于特朗普为结束阿富汗战争而谈判达成的和平协议：] 他绕过了阿富汗政府，直接与一个名为塔利班的恐怖组织谈判。谈判内容是塔利班释放5000名恐怖分子。
所以，如果你回顾那段时期，你会发现塔利班用狙击手杀害了我们的士兵，其中很多。我之所以参与塔利班，是因为塔利班在杀戮。塔利班是阿富汗境内的战斗力量。他们懒得做这些，因为你知道，他们总是和错误的人打交道。但我参与其中了。阿卜杜勒是塔利班的头目。他现在仍然是塔利班的头目。我告诉阿卜杜勒不要再这样做了，你再这样做会有麻烦的。他说你为什么要给我发我家的照片？我说，阿卜杜勒，你得自己想办法。 18个月里，我们没有人员伤亡。我们确实与迈克·蓬佩奥达成了一项协议。这是一项非常好的协议。之所以说它好，是因为我们撤军了。我们本来可以比他们撤得更快，但我们不会损失士兵。我们不会留下太多美国人。我们也不会留下——我们不会留下价值850亿美元的全新精美军事装备。最后，他们搞砸了。协议规定你必须这样做，这样做，这样做，这样做，但他们没有做到。他们没有做到。协议被我们终止了，因为他们没有做他们应该做的事情。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

DAVID MUIR: …Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent?
I don't. And I don't care. I don't care what she is. I don't care. You make a big deal out of something. I couldn't care less. Whatever she wants to be is okay with me.
DAVID MUIR: But those were your words. So, I'm asking --
I don't know. I don't know. All I can say is I read where she was not Black, that she put out. And, I'll say that. And then I read that she was black. And that's okay. Either one was okay with me. That's up to her. That's up to her.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
大卫·缪尔：……你为什么认为应该对对手的种族身份发表意见？
我不这么认为。我不在乎。我不在乎她是什么种族。我不在乎。你把事情搞大了。我一点也不在乎。她想成为什么样的人，我都接受。
大卫·缪尔：但这些都是你的话。所以，我问的是——
我不知道。我不知道。我只能说，我读到过她不是黑人，她公开发表过。然后，我这么说。然后我又读到她是黑人。这没关系。我接受任何一种身份。这取决于她。这取决于她。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

LINSEY DAVIS: …So tonight, nine years after you first started running, do you have a [healthcare] plan and can you tell us what it is?
Obamacare was lousy health care. Always was. It's not very good today. And what I said, that if we come up with something, we are working on things, we're going to do it and we're going to replace it…. And what we will do is we're looking at different plans. If we can come up with a plan that's going to cost our people, our population less money and be better health care than Obamacare, then I would absolutely do it. But until then I'd run it as good as it can be run.
LINSEY DAVIS: So just a yes or no, you still do not have a plan?
I have concepts of a plan. I'm not president right now. But if we come up with something I would only change it if we come up with something better and less expensive. And there are concepts and options we have to do that. And you'll be hearing about it in the not-too-distant future.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
林赛·戴维斯：……那么今晚，在您开始竞选九年后，您有什么[医疗保健]计划吗？能告诉我们是什么吗？
奥巴马医改很糟糕。一直都是。现在也不太好。我说过，如果我们能想出一个方案，我们正在努力，我们会实施它，我们会取代它……我们会做的是，我们正在研究不同的方案。如果我们能想出一个比奥巴马医改花费更少、医疗质量更好的方案，我绝对会推行。但在此之前，我会尽力把它运行好。
林赛·戴维斯：所以，请问您还没有计划吗？
我有一些计划的概念。我现在不是总统。但如果我们想出一个方案，我只会在找到更好、更便宜的方案时才会改变它。而我们必须有一些概念和选择来实现这一点。在不久的将来，你就会听到这个消息。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

We have two enemies: We have the outside enemy, and then we have the enemy from within. And the enemy from within, in my opinion, is more dangerous than China, Russia and all these countries… But the thing that's tougher to handle are these lunatics that we have inside, like Adam Schiff — Adam 'Shifty' Schiff… I call him the enemy from within. When you look at the danger he put our country in potentially with Russia — with a phony, made-up deal that he made up with Hillary and some bad people.
—Former President Trump calls the 'enemy from within' more dangerous than any foreign entity FoxNews (October 13, 2024)
我们的敌人有两个：外部敌人和内部敌人。在我看来，内部敌人比中国、俄罗斯和所有这些国家都更危险……但更难对付的是我们内部的那些疯子，比如亚当·希夫——那个叫亚当·“狡猾”·希夫……我把他称为内部敌人。想想看，他可能把我们国家置于与俄罗斯的危险之中——他与希拉里和一些坏人达成了一项虚假的、捏造的协议。
——前总统特朗普称“内部敌人”比任何外国实体都更危险 福克斯新闻（2024年10月13日）

And my people told me about four weeks ago, I was saying, ‘No, I want to protect the people. I want to protect the women of our country. I want to protect the women.’
“‘Sir, please don’t say that.’
“They said, ‘We think it’s, it’s very inappropriate for you to say.’
“I pay these guys a lot of money. Can you believe it? Well, I’m going to do it whether the women like it or not. I’m going to protect them.
—Trump Says He Will Protect Women ‘Whether The Women Like It Or Not’ HuffPost (October 30, 2024)
大约四周前，我的人告诉我，我说的是：‘不，我想保护人民。我想保护我们国家的女性。我想保护女性。’
“‘先生，请不要这么说。’
“他们说：‘我们认为你这么说很不合适。’
“我给这些家伙很多钱。你能相信吗？好吧，不管女性们喜欢与否，我都会这么做。我会保护她们。’
——特朗普称他将保护女性，“无论女性们喜欢与否”——《赫芬顿邮报》（2024年10月30日）

I think I have the power to end this war, and I think it's going very well. But today I heard, 'Oh, well, we weren't invited.' Well, you've been there for three years. You should have never started it. You could have made a deal….
I could have made a deal for Ukraine that would have given them almost all of the land, everything, almost all of the land, and no people would have been killed, and no city would have been demolished, and not one dome would have been knocked down. But they chose not to do it that way.
—Trump says Ukraine 'should have never started' war in Ukraine NBC News (February 18, 2025)
我认为我有能力结束这场战争，而且我认为它进展得非常顺利。但今天我听到有人说：“哦，好吧，我们没有被邀请。” 好吧，你已经在那里待了三年了。你根本不应该发动这场战争。你本可以达成协议……
我本可以和乌克兰达成一项协议，把几乎所有的土地都给他们，所有的一切，几乎所有的土地，而且不会有人被杀，不会有城市被摧毁，也不会有一座穹顶被推倒。但他们选择不这样做。
——特朗普称乌克兰“根本不应该发动”战争 NBC新闻（2025年2月18日）

The Golden Age of America has just begun! Over the past six weeks, our Administration has delivered on promises like no Administration before it, always putting America First! DOGE has been an incredible success, and now that we have my Cabinet in place, I have instructed the Secretaries and Leadership to work with DOGE on Cost Cutting measures and Staffing. As the Secretaries learn about, and understand, the people working for the various Departments, they can be very precise as to who will remain, and who will go. We say the "scalpel" rather than the "hatchet." The combination of them, Elon, DOGE, and other great people will be able to do things at a historic level.
—Trump Posts on X (March 6, 2025)
美国的黄金时代才刚刚开始！过去六周，本届政府兑现了前所未有的承诺，始终将美国放在首位！DOGE取得了令人难以置信的成功，现在我的内阁已经就位，我已指示各位部长和领导层与DOGE合作，制定成本削减措施并配备人员。随着各位部长了解并理解各部门的人员配置，他们可以非常精准地决定谁将留下，谁将离开。我们说“手术刀”，而不是“斧头”。埃隆、DOGE以及其他杰出人士的共同努力，将能够创造历史性成就。
——特朗普在X上的帖子（2025年3月6日）

Wow, that's beautiful. This is a different panel than I've ever — everything's computer!
—When inspecting a Tesla Model S at the White House; quoted from Donald Trump reviews Tesla Model S: 'Everything's computer' Business Insider (Mar 11, 2025)
哇，太漂亮了！这面板跟我以前见过的完全不一样——一切都像电脑一样！
——在白宫视察特斯拉 Model S 时；引自唐纳德·特朗普评价特斯拉 Model S：“一切都像电脑一样”——《商业内幕》（2025 年 3 月 11 日）

I don’t know anything about it. I’m not a big fan of The Atlantic. To me, it’s a magazine that’s going out of business. I think it’s not much of a magazine, but I know nothing about it. What were they talking about?…
It couldn’t have been very effective because the attack was very effective. I can tell you that. I don’t know anything about it. You’re telling me about it for the first time.
—When asked about the story of a reporter from The Atlantic receiving military strike plans against the Houthi rebels prior to the attack, as reported in ‘A shocking breach’: Trump officials leak Yemen attack plans in Signal chat Al Jazeera (March 24, 2025)
我对此一无所知。我不是《大西洋月刊》的忠实粉丝。对我来说，它就是一本即将倒闭的杂志。我觉得它算不上什么杂志，但我对它一无所知。他们到底在说什么？……
袭击不可能很有效，因为袭击本身就很有效。我可以告诉你，我对此一无所知。你这是第一次告诉我这件事。
——当被问及《大西洋月刊》一名记者在袭击前收到针对胡塞叛军的军事打击计划的故事时，正如半岛电视台在“令人震惊的泄密”：特朗普官员在信号聊天中泄露也门袭击计划（2025年3月24日）中报道的那样。

What it was we believe is somebody that was on the line with permission, somebody that was with Mike Walz – worked for Mike Walz at a lower level, had I guess Goldberg's number, called through the app, and somehow this guy ended up on the call.
Now it wasn't classified as I understand it, there was no classified information, there was no problem and the attack was a tremendous success. So I can only go by what I've been told, I wasn't involved in it, but I was told by, and the other people weren't involved at all, but I feel very comfortable actually.
—Explaining the reason for The Atlantic editor Jeffrey Goldberg being in a group chat discussing Houthi attack details, during an appearance on Newsmax taken from Donald Trump Reveals How Signal Group Chat Leak Happened Newsweek (March 26, 2025)
我们认为，当时有人获得了授权接听了电话，是迈克·沃尔兹的下属——他可能是沃尔兹的下属，我猜他有戈德堡的号码，他通过应用程序打了电话，然后不知怎么的，这个人就接听了电话。
据我了解，这起事件并非机密事件，没有涉及任何机密信息，也没有出现任何问题，而且袭击取得了巨大的成功。所以我只能根据我所听到的信息来判断，我没有参与其中，只是有人告诉我的，其他人根本没有参与，但实际上我感觉非常安心。
——解释《大西洋月刊》主编杰弗里·戈德堡在Newsmax节目中参与群聊讨论胡塞武装袭击细节的原因，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普揭露Signal群聊泄露事件的真相》《新闻周刊》（2025年3月26日）

There weren’t details, and there was nothing in there that compromised. And it had no impact on the attack, which was very successful. A thing like that — maybe Goldberg found a way. Maybe there’s a staffer, maybe there’s a very innocent staffer, but we’ll get — I think we’ll get to the bottom of it very quickly, and it’s really not a big deal.
—Speaking on The Vince Show regarding Jeffery Goldberg's follow-up article in The Atlantic where he published the detailed text messages he received on the Signal app of the upcoming plans for the attack on the Houthis, quoted in Trump reacts to new Atlantic messages: ‘Really not a big deal’ The Hill (March 26, 2025)
里面没有细节，也没有任何可以泄露机密的信息。而且它对这次非常成功的袭击也没有任何影响。诸如此类的事情——也许戈德伯格找到了办法。也许有工作人员，也许有非常无辜的工作人员，但我们会——我认为我们很快就会查明真相，这真的不是什么大事。
——在《文斯秀》节目中，谈到杰弗里·戈德伯格在《大西洋月刊》上发表的后续文章，他在文章中公布了自己在Signal应用上收到的关于即将袭击胡塞武装计划的详细短信，引自《国会山报》（2025年3月26日），特朗普回应《大西洋月刊》的新信息：“真的没什么大不了的。”

I don’t fire people because of fake news and because of witch hunts…
I think it’s just a witch hunt and the fake news, like you, talk about it all the time, but it’s just a witch hunt, and it shouldn’t be talked [about]. We had a tremendously successful strike. We struck very hard and very lethal. And nobody wants to talk about that. All they want to talk about is nonsense. It’s fake news. …
I have no idea what Signal is. I don’t care what Signal is. All I can tell you is it’s just a witch hunt, and it’s the only thing the press wants to talk about, because you have nothing else to talk about. Because it’s been the greatest 100-day presidency in the history of our country.
—Speaking on the news coverage of the Houthi attack plans texted over the Signal app and divulged by Jeffery Goldberg of The Atlantic, as reported in Trump says he ‘couldn’t care less’ if foreign automakers raise prices due to tariffs NBC News (March 29, 2025)
我不会因为假新闻和政治迫害而解雇员工……
我认为这只是一场政治迫害，像你们这样的假新闻一直在谈论它，但这仅仅是一场政治迫害，不应该被谈论。我们的袭击非常成功。我们的袭击非常猛烈，非常致命。但没人想谈论这件事。他们只想谈论胡言乱语。这是假新闻……
我不知道“信号”是什么。我不在乎它是什么。我只能告诉你，这只是一场政治迫害，这是媒体唯一想谈论的事情，因为你没有其他可谈的。因为这是我们国家历史上最伟大的百日总统任期。
— 谈到《大西洋月刊》的杰弗里·戈德堡通过 Signal 应用发送的有关胡塞袭击计划的新闻报道，特朗普表示，他“根本不在乎”外国汽车制造商是否因关税而提高价格，NBC 新闻（2025 年 3 月 29 日）报道

I think it's going very well. It was an operation, like when a patient gets operated on and it's a big thing. I said this would exactly be the way it is....
The markets are going to boom, the stock is going to boom, the country is going to boom, and the rest of the world wants to see is there any way they can make a deal. They've taken advantage of us for many, many years. For many years we've been at the wrong side of the ball. And I'll tell you what, I think it's going to be unbelievable.
—When asked how things were going after a drop in the stock market the first day after Trump's tariff announcement as reported in Trump says ‘it’s going very well’ after tariffs roil markets ABC News (April 3, 2025)
我认为进展非常顺利。这就像一场手术，就像病人接受手术一样，意义重大。我说过事情会发展成这样……
市场将会繁荣，股市将会繁荣，国家将会繁荣，世界其他国家都想知道他们能否达成协议。他们利用了我们很多很多年。多年来，我们一直处于劣势。而且我告诉你，我认为这将会令人难以置信。
——据ABC新闻报道，特朗普宣布关税后第一天股市下跌，特朗普表示“进展非常顺利”（2025年4月3日），当被问及特朗普关税声明发布后股市下跌后情况如何时

TO THE MANY INVESTORS COMING INTO THE UNITED STATES AND INVESTING MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF MONEY, MY POLICIES WILL NEVER CHANGE. THIS IS A GREAT TIME TO GET RICH, RICHER THAN EVER BEFORE!!!
—Posted on Truth Social following the announcement of his worldwide tariffs policy and the resulting sharp sell-off in the stock market a day later as reported in Trump insists he won’t back down from global trade war as markets slump The Guardian (April 4, 2025)
致众多来到美国并投入巨额资金的投资者，我的政策永远不会改变。现在是致富的好时机，比以往任何时候都更富有！！！
——此文发布于 Truth Social，此前特朗普宣布了全球关税政策，并导致股市在一天后暴跌。据《卫报》（2025年4月4日）报道，特朗普坚称，在市场暴跌之际，他不会在全球贸易战中退缩。

...We are bringing back jobs and businesses like never before. Already, more than FIVE TRILLION DOLLARS OF INVESTMENT, and rising fast! THIS IS AN ECONOMIC REVOLUTION, AND WE WILL WIN. HANG TOUGH, it won’t be easy, but the end result will be historic. We will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
—Truth Social (April 5, 2025)
……我们正在以前所未有的速度恢复就业和商业。投资已超过五万亿美元，而且还在快速增长！这是一场经济革命，我们必将胜利。坚持下去，这并非易事，但最终的结果将是历史性的。我们会让美国再次伟大！！！
——Truth Social（2025年4月5日）

We’re dealing with them directly and maybe a deal is going to be made. Doing a deal would be preferable to doing the obvious.
Iran is going to be in great danger, and I hate to say it…. Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon, and if the talks aren’t successful, I think it’s going to be a very bad day for Iran.
—Referring to upcoming talks with Iran about their nuclear capability, taken from Trump Says U.S. Will Have Direct Talks With Iran About Nuclear Program TIME (April 7, 2025)
我们正在与他们直接交涉，或许会达成协议。达成协议总比做显而易见的事情要好。
伊朗将面临巨大危险，我不愿这么说……伊朗不能拥有核武器，如果谈判不成功，我认为对伊朗来说这将是非常糟糕的一天。
——关于即将与伊朗就其核能力进行的谈判，摘自《时代》杂志2025年4月7日刊登的《特朗普称美国将与伊朗就核计划进行直接对话》

I’m not asking for much ... but they can't have a nuclear weapon.
If it requires military, we're going to have military. Israel will, obviously, be ... the leader of that. No one leads us. We do what we want.
I don't want to be specific. But when you start talks, you know if they're going along well or not. And I would say the conclusion would be when I think they're not going along well.
—Trump Repeats Threat to Use Military Force if Iran Does Not Agree to Nuclear Deal US News (April 9, 2025)
我的要求不高……但他们不能拥有核武器。
如果需要军事行动，我们就得动用军事力量。显然，以色列将成为……这方面的领导者。没有人领导我们。我们想做什么就做什么。
我不想说得太具体。但当你开始谈判时，你就知道进展顺利与否。我想说，当我认为他们进展不顺利时，就会得出结论。
——特朗普重申威胁，如果伊朗不同意核协议，我们将动用武力 美国新闻（2025年4月9日）

China wants to make a deal. They just don't know how quite to go about it. You know, it's one of those things they don't know quite. They're proud people and President Xi's a proud man. I know him very well. And they don't know quite how to go about it, but they'll figure it out.
—Indicating he is waiting for China to call him regarding the recently imposed tariffs, reported in Washington Week with The Atlantic full episode, 4/11/25 Washington Week (April 11, 2025)
中国想达成协议，只是不知道该如何着手。你知道，这是他们不太清楚的事情之一。他们是骄傲的人，习近平主席也是个骄傲的人。我非常了解他。他们也不知道该如何着手，但他们会想办法的。
——他表示正在等待中国就最近加征的关税与他联系，《华盛顿周刊》与《大西洋月刊》全集报道，2025年4月11日，《华盛顿周刊》（2025年4月11日）

For decades, our country has been looted, pillaged, raped and plundered by nations near and far, both friend and foe alike.
Taxpayers have been ripped off for more than 50 years, but it is not going to happen anymore.
This is one of the most important days, in my opinion, in American history. It’s our declaration of economic independence. …now it’s our turn to prosper and in so doing use trillions and trillions of dollars to reduce our taxes and pay down our national debt and it will all happen very quickly. With today’s action we are finally going to be able to make America great again, greater than ever before.
Jobs and factories will come roaring back into our country, and you see it happening already. We will supercharge our domestic industrial base. We will pry open foreign markets and break down foreign trade barriers. And ultimately, more production at home will mean stronger competition and lower prices for consumers. This will be indeed the golden age of America. It’s coming back and we’re going to come back very strongly.
They tried to bring back tariffs to save our country, but it was gone. It was gone. It was too late. Nothing could have been done. It took years and years to get out of that depression, far longer than even FDR had that office right over there for a long period of time.
We will charge them approximately half of what they are and have been charging us because we are being very kind. This is not full reciprocal. This is kind reciprocal.
These tariffs are going to give us growth like you haven’t seen before. And it’ll be something very special to watch.
My fellow Americans, this is Liberation Day… April 2nd, 2025, will forever be remembered as the day American industry was reborn, the day America's destiny was reclaimed and the day that we began to make America wealthy again.
From 1789 to 1913, we were a tariff-backed nation and the United States was proportionately the wealthiest it has ever been. So wealthy, in fact, that in the 1880s, they established a commission to decide what they were going to do with the vast sums of money they were collecting….
Then in 1913, for reasons unknown to mankind, they established the income tax so that citizens rather than foreign countries would start paying the money necessary to run our government. Then in 1929, it all came to a very abrupt end with the Great Depression, and it would have never happened if they had stayed with the tariff policy. It would have been a much different story.
In short, chronic trade deficits are no longer merely an economic problem. They're a national emergency that threatens our security and our very way of life. It's a very great threat to our country.
—Liberation Day tariff announcements (2 April 2025)
几十年来，我们的国家饱受掠夺、抢劫、蹂躏和劫掠，其祸患不胜枚举，不一而足，无论是敌是友。
纳税人被敲诈了五十多年，但这种情况不会再发生了。
在我看来，这是美国历史上最重要的日子之一。这是我们经济独立的宣言……现在轮到我们走向繁荣，为此，我们将投入数万亿美元来减税、偿还国债，这一切都将迅速实现。凭借今天的行动，我们终于能够让美国再次伟大，比以往任何时候都更加强大。
就业和工厂将强势回归我们的国家，你们已经看到这一切正在发生。我们将增强国内工业基础。我们将开拓海外市场，打破对外贸易壁垒。最终，国内生产规模的扩大将意味着更激烈的竞争和更低的消费价格。这必将是美国的黄金时代。黄金时代正在回归，而且我们将强势回归。他们试图恢复关税来拯救我们的国家，但关税已经失效。失效了。为时已晚，什么也做不了了。我们花了好多年才走出那场大萧条，甚至比罗斯福在那边设立办公室的时间还要长得多。
我们将向他们收取大约一半的费用，因为我们非常友善。这不是完全对等的，而是善意的对等。
这些关税将给我们带来前所未有的增长。这将是非常值得关注的。
我的美国同胞们，今天是解放日……2025年4月2日，将永远被铭记为美国工业重生的日子，美国命运被重新掌控的日子，以及我们开始让美国再次富裕起来的日子。
从1789年到1913年，我们是一个依靠关税支撑的国家，而美国当时的富裕程度达到了历史最高水平。事实上，他们如此富有，以至于在19世纪80年代，他们成立了一个委员会来决定如何处理他们所收集到的巨额资金……
然后在1913年，出于人类未知的原因，他们设立了所得税，以便公民而不是外国开始支付我们政府运作所需的资金。然后在1929年，这一切随着大萧条而突然结束，如果他们坚持关税政策，这一切都不会发生。情况将会大不相同。
简而言之，长期贸易逆差不再仅仅是一个经济问题。它是一种威胁我们安全和生活方式的国家紧急状态。这对我们国家构成了巨大的威胁。
——解放日关税公告（2025年4月2日）

(U.S. ports slowing down) means we lose less money, you know? When I see that, that means we lose less money…. And frankly if we didn’t do business (with China), we would have been better off. So, when you say it slowed down, that’s a good thing, not a bad thing.
—Responding to a reporter saying that traffic at U.S. ports “has really slowed, and now thousands of dockworkers and truck drivers are worried about their jobs”, quoted in Trump Exposes Own Idiocy With Comment About Looming Shortages Yahoo! News (May 8, 2025)
（美国港口业务放缓）意味着我们损失更少，你明白吗？我看到这个，就觉得这意味着我们损失更少……坦白说，如果我们不（和中国）做生意，我们的情况会更好。所以，你说业务放缓，是好事，不是坏事。
——回应一位记者称美国港口的运输量“确实放缓了，现在成千上万的码头工人和卡车司机担心自己的工作”，引自《特朗普就即将到来的短缺发表评论，揭露自己的愚蠢之处》雅虎新闻（2025年5月8日）

HOW MUCH DID KAMALA HARRIS PAY BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN FOR HIS POOR PERFORMANCE DURING HER CAMPAIGN FOR PRESIDENT? WHY DID HE ACCEPT THAT MONEY IF HE IS SUCH A FAN OF HERS? ISN’T THAT A MAJOR AND ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION? WHAT ABOUT BEYONCÉ? …AND HOW MUCH WENT TO OPRAH, AND BONO??? I am going to call for a major investigation into this matter....For these unpatriotic “entertainers,” this was just a CORRUPT & UNLAWFUL way to capitalize on a broken system.
—From Truth Social as reported in Trump Demands ‘Major Investigation’ Into Springsteen, Beyoncé, Oprah for Backing Kamala Harris: ‘CORRUPT & UNLAWFUL!’ Mediate (May 19, 2025)
卡玛拉·哈里斯在总统竞选期间表现不佳，卡玛拉·哈里斯付给布鲁斯·斯普林斯汀多少钱？如果他是她的粉丝，为什么会收下这笔钱？这难道不是一笔巨额且非法的竞选捐款吗？碧昂丝呢？……奥普拉和博诺又收了多少钱？我要呼吁对此事进行重大调查……对于这些不爱国的“艺人”，这只是一种腐败且非法的方式，目的是利用一个支离破碎的体制牟利。
——摘自Truth Social，报道《特朗普要求对斯普林斯汀、碧昂丝和奥普拉支持卡玛拉·哈里斯进行“重大调查”：‘腐败且非法！’》 调解（2025年5月19日）

"If you're here today and think that you're too young to do something great, let me tell you that you are wrong. You're not too young. You can have great success at a very young age ... In America, with drive and ambition, young people can do anything."
"You have to love what you do. You have to. I rarely see somebody that's successful that doesn't love what he or she does ... If I didn't find it fun, I wouldn't be successful."
"The third thing is to think big. If you're going to do something, you might as well think big. I know a lot of people, they've thought small, they were very smart. I know others that weren't nearly as smart, but they had a better picture of the big picture, because it's just as hard to solve a small problem as a big problem and it's just as much energy and everything else, except the result is going to be a smaller one. So love what you do and think big if it's possible."
"Work hard. Never, ever stop," Trump said, before mentioning pro golf legend Gary Player. The president said Player "wasn't as big as other men, he was on the small side ... but he worked very, very hard. He made up for it. He never stopped."
"Don't lose your momentum. You just want to keep it going. And you have to know, if you are losing it, you have to know when you are losing it, so maybe you stop and maybe it's time to stop. Listen to the feedback, think through your plan very carefully and keep moving fast."
"If you want to change the world, you have to have the courage to be an outsider. In other words, you have to take certain risks and do things a little bit differently; otherwise, if that were the case, everybody would be successful. Doesn't work that way. Progress never comes from those satisfied with the failures of a broken system; it comes from those who want to fix the broken system. If you want to go to the top, you're just never going to do it unless you break the system ... You really do, you have to break the system a little bit and follow your own instincts. But if your vision is right, nothing will hold you down. Nothing. You have to have the right vision."
"Trust your instincts. Common sense. You can go very far in life with common sense and I applied that to politics because some of these things, like, they had open borders. Let everybody in the whole world flow into our country. That's not common sense."
"Everybody should believe in the American dream. It's real, it's there and it's right before you."
"Think of yourself as a winner. The power of positive thinking. Don't consider yourself a victim. Consider yourself a winner. In recent years, too many of our young people have really been taught to think of themselves as victims and blame people and be angry. Don't be angry. In America, we reject that idea that anyone is born a victim. Our heroes are the ones who take charge of their own destiny, make their own luck and determine their own fate, despite the odds."
"Be an original," Trump said as his penultimate piece of advice for the graduating class. "The all-time greats were people who had the confidence to be a little different ... God only created one of you. Remember that. You're all different, some are close, but nobody is the same. You're one of a kind so don't try to be someone else. Just be yourself."
"Never, ever give up. Never give up. Don't stop. Never, ever give up. Victory is right around the corner."
—Donald Trump Shares 11 Pieces of Advice at Rally-Style Commencement Speech Newsweek (1 May 2025)
“如果你今天在这里，还觉得自己太年轻，无法成就一番伟业，那么让我告诉你，你错了。你并不年轻。你可以在很小的时候就取得巨大的成功……在美国，只要有动力和雄心，年轻人什么都能做。”
“你必须热爱你所做的事情。你必须热爱。我很少看到成功的人不热爱自己的工作……如果我觉得它没有乐趣，我就不会成功。”
“第三件事是胸怀大志。如果你要做某件事，你最好胸怀大志。我认识很多人，他们从小处着眼，他们非常聪明。我也认识一些人，他们远不如我聪明，但他们对大局有更好的理解，因为解决一个小问题和解决一个大问题一样困难，需要投入的精力和其他一切也一样多，只是结果会更小。所以，热爱你所做的事情，如果可能的话，胸怀大志。”
“努力工作。永不停歇，”特朗普说道，然后提到了职业高尔夫传奇人物加里·普莱尔。总统说，普莱尔“不像其他人那么高大，他身材矮小……但他非常非常努力。他弥补了这一点。他从未停止。”
“不要失去你的动力。你只想保持下去。你必须知道，如果你正在失去动力，你必须知道你什么时候失去它，所以也许你应该停下来，也许是时候停下来了。倾听反馈，仔细思考你的计划，并继续快速前进。”
“如果你想改变世界，你必须有勇气成为一个局外人。换句话说，你必须承担一定的风险，做一些略有不同的事情；否则，如果真是这样，每个人都会成功。但事实并非如此。进步从来不会来自那些满足于一个支离破碎的体系失败的人；它来自那些想要修复这个支离破碎的体系的人。如果你想登上顶峰，除非你打破这个体系，否则你永远也做不到……你真的需要打破这个体系，你必须稍微打破一下，然后遵循自己的直觉。但如果你的愿景是正确的，没有什么能阻挡你。没有什么。你必须拥有正确的愿景。”
“相信你的直觉。常识。常识可以让你在生活中走得很远，我把这一点运用到政治上，因为有些事情，比如，他们开放了边境。让全世界的每个人都涌入我们的国家。这不是常识。”
“每个人都应该相信美国梦。它是真实的，它就在那里，就在你面前。”
“把自己当成赢家。积极思考的力量在于此。不要把自己当成受害者。要把自己当成赢家。近年来，太多年轻人被灌输了把自己当成受害者、责怪他人、愤怒的观念。别生气。在美国，我们拒绝任何人天生就是受害者的观念。我们的英雄是那些掌控自己命运、创造自己运气、决定自己命运的人，无论逆境如何。”
“做一个独具匠心的人，”特朗普在给毕业生的倒数第二条建议中说道。“历史上最伟大的人物，都是那些有信心与众不同的人……上帝只创造了你们一个人。记住这一点。你们每个人都不一样，有些人很接近，但没有人是完全一样的。你是独一无二的，所以不要试图成为别人。做你自己就好。”
“永不放弃。永不放弃。不要停止。永不放弃。胜利就在眼前。”
—唐纳德·特朗普在集会式毕业典礼演讲中分享了 11 条建议《新闻周刊》（2025 年 5 月 1 日）

David Brody: Radical Islam: to Evangelicals, this is a bread and butter issue. You said there's a Muslim problem in this country. What do you mean by that exactly?
Donald Trump: Bill O'Reilly asked me is there a Muslim problem? And I said absolutely, yes. In fact I went a step further. I said I didn't see Swedish people knocking down the World Trade Center. It was very interesting. I thought that was going to be a controversial statement and somebody, I think it was Dennis Miller introduced me, he was doing like an analysis of me, he said, I love it. The guy said what the truth is. He didn't mince his words. He didn't say, 'Oh, gee, no there's not a Muslim problem, everybody's wonderful.' And by the way, many, many, most Muslims are wonderful people, but is there a Muslim problem? Look what's happening. Look what happened right here in my city with the World Trade Center and lots of other places. So I said it and I thought it was going to be very controversial but actually it was very well received. I think people want the truth. I think they're tired of politicians. They're tired of politically correct stuff. I mean I could have said, 'Oh absolutely not Bill, there's no Muslim problem, everything is wonderful, just forget about the World Trade Center.' But you have to speak the truth. We're so politically correct that this country is falling apart.
Brody: With some evangelicals there are some problems with the teachings of the Koran. Do you have concerns about the Koran?
Trump: Well, I'll tell you what. The Koran is very interesting. A lot of people say it teaches love and there is a very big group of people who really understand the Koran far better than I do. I'm certainly not an expert, to put it mildly. But there's something there that teaches some very negative vibe. I mean things are happening, when you look at people blowing up all over the streets that are in some of the countries over in the Middle East, just blowing up a super market with not even soldiers, just people, when 250 people die in a super market that are shopping, where people die in a store or in a street. There's a lot of hatred there that's some place. Now I don't know if that's from the Koran. I don't know if that's from some place else. But there's tremendous hatred out there that I've never seen anything like it. So, you have two views. You have the view that the Koran is all about love and then you have the view that the Koran is, that there's a lot of hate in the Koran.
—On CBN News' "The Brody File" (12 April 2011) (video) (transcript)
大卫·布罗迪：激进伊斯兰：对福音派来说，这事关民生。你说这个国家存在穆斯林问题。你到底是什么意思？
唐纳德·特朗普：比尔·奥莱利问我，穆斯林问题存在吗？我说绝对存在。事实上，我更进一步说，我没有看到瑞典人推倒世贸中心。这很有意思。我以为这会是一个有争议的言论，后来有人，我记得是丹尼斯·米勒，介绍我来，他当时正在分析我，他说，我喜欢这句话。那家伙说出了实话。他直言不讳。他没有说，“哦，天哪，不，这不是穆斯林问题，每个人都很棒。” 顺便说一句，很多很多穆斯林都是很棒的人，但穆斯林问题存在吗？看看现在发生了什么。看看就在我所在的城市，世贸中心和许多其他地方发生了什么。所以我说了，我以为会引起很大争议，但实际上反响很好。我觉得人们想要真相。我觉得他们厌倦了政客，厌倦了政治正确的玩意儿。我的意思是，我本来可以说：“哦，比尔，绝对不是，穆斯林问题不存在，一切都很好，别提世贸中心了。” 但你必须说实话。我们太政治正确了，以至于这个国家正在分崩离析。
布罗迪：一些福音派人士对《古兰经》的教义有一些疑问。你对《古兰经》有什么顾虑吗？
特朗普：嗯，我告诉你。《古兰经》很有意思。很多人说它教导爱，而且有很多人比我更了解《古兰经》。委婉地说，我当然不是专家。但《古兰经》里确实有一些东西会给人带来非常负面的感受。我的意思是，事情正在发生，你看到中东一些国家街头到处都是炸药，甚至连超市都没炸，只有人，250人在超市购物时丧生，商店里或街道上也有人丧生。那里充满了仇恨。我不知道这是否源于《古兰经》，也不知道这是否源于其他地方。但那里的仇恨之深，是我从未见过的。所以，你有两种观点。一种观点认为《古兰经》全是关于爱的，另一种观点认为《古兰经》充满了仇恨。
——关于CBN新闻的《布罗迪档案》（2011年4月12日）（视频）（文字记录）

The word is, according to what I've have read, is that he was a terrible student when he went to Occidental. He then gets to Columbia and then gets to Harvard. I heard at Columbia he was not a very good student, and then he then he gets into Harvard. How do you get into Harvard if you are not a good student? Maybe that's right, maybe that's wrong, but I don't know why he doesn't he release his records. Why doesn't he release his Occidental records?
—press conference, New Hampshire, 2011-04-27. "Schieffer: Racism underlying Trump's assertions", CBS News, 27 April 2011, Archived from the original on 2013-06-28, retrieved on 2011-05-01. About Barack Obama, who transferred to Columbia from Occidental College in 1981, graduated from Columbia in 1983, and graduated magna cum laude with a Juris doctorate from Harvard Law School in 1991
据我所知，据说他在西方学院（Occidental）读书时成绩很差。后来他去了哥伦比亚大学，又去了哈佛大学。我听说他在哥伦比亚大学的时候成绩不太好，后来他考上了哈佛大学。如果你不是好学生，怎么能考上哈佛呢？这话或许对，或许错，但我不知道他为什么不公布自己的成绩单。他为什么不公布自己在西方学院的成绩单？
——新闻发布会，新罕布什尔州，2011年4月27日。“希弗：特朗普言论背后隐藏着种族主义”，哥伦比亚广播公司新闻，2011年4月27日，原版存档于2013年6月28日，检索于2011年5月1日。关于巴拉克·奥巴马，他于 1981 年从西方学院转学到哥伦比亚大学，1983 年毕业于哥伦比亚大学，1991 年以优异成绩毕业于哈佛法学院，获得法学博士学位

I'm totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons. Number one, the people negotiating don't have a clue. Our president doesn't have a clue. He's a bad negotiator. He's the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, they get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there. We get Bergdahl. We get a traitor. We get a no-good traitor, and they get the five people that they wanted for years, and those people are now back on the battlefield trying to kill us. That's the negotiator we have.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我坚决反对这项贸易法案，原因有很多。首先，谈判人员一无所知。我们的总统一无所知。他是个糟糕的谈判者。他就是杀害伯格达尔的那个人。我们抓到了伯格达尔，他们抓到了五个人人都想抓到的恐怖分子杀手。我们抓到了伯格达尔。我们抓到了一个叛徒。我们抓到了一个不怀好意的叛徒，他们抓到了他们多年来一直想抓到的五个人，而这些人现在又回到了战场，试图置我们于死地。这就是我们目前的谈判者。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

You can be politically correct if you want, but are you trying to say we don't have a problem? ... Most Muslims, like most everything, I mean, these are fabulous people... But we certainly do have a problem, I mean, you have a problem throughout the world. ... It wasn't people from Sweden that blew up the World Trade Center.
—On CNN's "State of the Union" with Jake Tapper — as quoted in Timothy Cama (20 September 2015), "Trump: 'We certainly do have a problem' with some Muslims", The Hill
你可以政治正确，但你想说我们没有问题吗？……大多数穆斯林，就像大多数事物一样，我的意思是，他们都是很棒的人……但我们确实有问题，我的意思是，全世界都有问题。……炸毁世贸中心的不是瑞典人。
——关于CNN杰克·塔珀主持的“国情咨文”——引自蒂莫西·卡玛（2015年9月20日），“特朗普：‘我们确实和一些穆斯林有问题’”，《国会山报》

I watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down. And I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down. Thousands of people were cheering.
It was on television. I saw it. It was well covered at the time, George. Now, I know they don't like to talk about it, but it was well covered at the time. There were people over in New Jersey that were watching it, a heavy Arab population, that were cheering as the buildings came down. Not good.
—21 November 2015 speech in Birmingham, Alabama, then next-day reply to George Stephanopoulos, according to 22 November 2015 PolitiFact article
我亲眼目睹了世贸中心倒塌的场景。在新泽西州泽西市，我看到成千上万的人在大楼倒塌时欢呼雀跃。成千上万的人欢呼雀跃。
电视上也播出了。我亲眼看到了。乔治，当时报道得非常详细。我知道他们不喜欢谈论这件事，但当时确实报道得非常详细。新泽西州也有人目睹了这一切，那里有很多阿拉伯人，他们在大楼倒塌时欢呼雀跃。这可不是什么好事。
——根据2015年11月22日PolitiFact的文章，这是2015年11月21日在阿拉巴马州伯明翰发表的演讲，第二天回复了乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯。

And just so — if I could, because he insulted a lot of people. I've had more calls on that statement that Ted made — New York is a great place. It's got great people, it's got loving people, wonderful people. When the World Trade Center came down, I saw something that no place on Earth could have handled more beautifully, more humanely than New York. You had two one hundred, you had two 110-story buildings come crashing down. I saw them come down. Thousands of people killed, and the cleanup started the next day, and it was the most horrific cleanup, probably in the history of doing this, and in construction. I was down there, and I've never seen anything like it. And the people in New York fought and fought and fought, and we saw more death, and even the smell of death — nobody understood it. And it was with us for months, the smell, the air. And we rebuilt downtown Manhattan, and everybody in the world watched and everybody in the world loved New York and loved New Yorkers. And I have to tell you, that was a very insulting statement that Ted made.
—Full Transcript of the Sixth Republican Debate in Charleston, Time (14 January 2016).
就这样——如果我可以的话，因为他侮辱了很多人。我接到了更多关于泰德那句话的电话——纽约是个伟大的地方。这里有伟大的人，有充满爱心的人，很棒的人。世贸中心倒塌时，我看到了地球上没有哪个地方能比纽约处理得更漂亮、更人道的事情。两座100层和两座110层的建筑轰然倒塌。我亲眼目睹了它们倒塌。数千人丧生，第二天就开始了清理工作，这可能是清理工作史上最惨烈的一次，也是建筑史上最惨烈的一次。我当时在那里，从未见过这样的场景。纽约人民奋战、奋战、再战，我们看到了更多的死亡，甚至死亡的气息——没有人理解。这种气息，这种空气，伴随了我们好几个月。我们重建了曼哈顿下城，全世界的人都目睹了这一切，全世界的人都热爱纽约，热爱纽约人。我必须告诉你，泰德的言论非常侮辱人。
——《查尔斯顿第六场共和党辩论全文》，《时代》杂志（2016年1月14日）

Up in New Hampshire – I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den – is coming from the southern border.
—Actually, Clinton took NH; Full transcripts of Trump's calls with Mexico and Australia By Greg Miller, Julie Vitkovskaya and Reuben Fischer-Baum; Aug. 3, 2017 (Friday, January 27, 2017)
在新罕布什尔州——我赢得新罕布什尔州是因为新罕布什尔州是毒品泛滥的窝点——来自南部边境。
——实际上，克林顿拿下了新罕布什尔州；特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚通话完整记录，作者：格雷格·米勒、朱莉·维特科夫斯卡娅和鲁本·菲舍尔-鲍姆；2017年8月3日（2017年1月27日，星期五）

President Obama has weakened our military by weakening our economy. He's crippled us with wasteful spending, massive debt, low growth, a huge trade deficit and open borders.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
奥巴马总统通过削弱我们的经济，也削弱了我们的军事力量。他用浪费的开支、巨额债务、低增长、巨额贸易逆差和开放的边境，让我们陷入困境。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

We're also going to have to change our trade, immigration and economic policies to make our economy strong again. And to put Americans first again. This will ensure that our own workers, right here in America, get the jobs and higher pay that will grow our tax revenues, increase our economic might as a nation.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我们还必须改变我们的贸易、移民和经济政策，以使我们的经济再次强劲增长，并再次将美国人民放在首位。这将确保我们自己的工人，就在美国本土，获得就业机会和更高的工资，从而增加我们的税收收入，增强我们作为一个国家的经济实力。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

Americans must know that we're putting the American people first again on trade, on immigration, on foreign policy. The jobs, incomes and security of the American worker will always be my first priority. No country has ever prospered that failed to put its own interests first. Both our friends and our enemies put their countries above ours and we, while being fair to them, must start doing the same. We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism. The nation-state remains the true foundation for happiness and harmony. I am skeptical of international unions that tie us up and bring America down, and will never enter America into any agreement that reduces our ability to control our own affairs.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
美国人民必须明白，在贸易、移民和外交政策上，我们再次将美国人民放在首位。美国工人的就业、收入和安全永远是我的首要任务。任何一个国家，如果没有将自身利益放在首位，就无法繁荣昌盛。我们的朋友和敌人都把他们的国家置于我们之上，我们在公平对待他们的同时，也必须开始这样做。我们不会再让这个国家和它的人民屈服于全球化的虚假颂歌。民族国家仍然是幸福与和谐的真正基石。我对那些束缚我们、拖垮美国的国际联盟持怀疑态度，也绝不会让美国加入任何削弱我们掌控自身事务能力的协议。—
—唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

We have a 500 billion dollar deficit, trade deficit with China. We're going to turn it around and we have the cards, don't forget, we're like the piggy bank that's being robbed. We have the cards, we have a lot of power with China. When China doesn't want to fix the problem in North Korea we say "Sorry folks, you've got to fix the problem." Because we can't continue to allow China to rape our country, and that's what they're doing. It's the greatest theft in the history of the world.
—"China accused of trade 'rape' by Donald Trump" BBC (2 May 2016)
我们与中国有5000亿美元的贸易逆差。我们要扭转局面，我们手里有牌，别忘了，我们就像被抢的存钱罐。我们手里有牌，我们在中国面前拥有强大的筹码。当中国不愿解决朝鲜问题时，我们会说：“抱歉，各位，你们必须解决这个问题。” 因为我们不能继续允许中国强奸我们的国家，而这正是他们正在做的事情。这是世界历史上最大的盗窃。
——“唐纳德·特朗普指责中国进行贸易‘强奸’” BBC（2016年5月2日）

The Bernie ones were — they had a lot more spirit. I think we're going to get a lot of Bernie voters, if you want to know the truth. Because they do understand that trade is killing us. Trade.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
伯尼的支持者们——他们更有精神。说实话，我觉得我们会有很多伯尼的支持者。因为他们明白贸易正在扼杀我们。贸易。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

For many decades, we've enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry, subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military. We've defended other nations' borders while refusing to defend our own and spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas while America's infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay. We've made other countries rich while the wealth, strength, and confidence of our country has dissipated over the horizon. One by one, the factories shuttered and left our shores, with not even a thought about the millions and millions of American workers that were left behind. The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed all across the world. But that is the past. And now we are looking only to the future. We, assembled here today, are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city, in every foreign capital, and in every hall of power. From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land. From this this day forward, it's going to be only America first. America first. Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
几十年来，我们以牺牲美国工业为代价，扶持外国工业，补贴其他国家的军队，却任由我国军队惨遭损耗。我们保卫其他国家的边界​​，却拒绝保卫自己的边界；我们向海外投入了数万亿美元，而美国的基础设施却年久失修、腐朽不堪。我们让其他国家富裕起来，而我国的财富、实力和自信却在地平线上消散殆尽。工厂一家接一家地关闭，迁离美国本土，丝毫没有考虑过留下的数百万美国工人。我们中产阶级的财富被掠夺一空，然后被重新分配到世界各地。但那是过去。现在，我们只着眼于未来。今天，我们聚集在这里，颁布一项新的法令，让每座城市、每一座外国首都、每一座权力殿堂都能听到。从今天起，一个新的愿景将统治我们的国家。从今天起，美国优先。美国优先。所有关于贸易、税收、移民和外交事务的决定，都将以美国工人和美国家庭的利益为出发点。
——就职演说（2017年1月20日）

We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength. I will fight for you with every breath in my body, and I will never, ever let you down. America will start winning again, winning like never before. We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth. And we will bring back our dreams. We will build new roads and highways and bridges and airports and tunnels and railways all across our wonderful Nation. We will get our people off of welfare and back to work, rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor. We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American. We will seek friendship and good will with the nations of the world, but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first. We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example—we will shine—for everyone to follow. We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth. At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America, and through our loyalty to our country, we will rediscover our loyalty to each other. When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice. The Bible tells us, "How good and pleasant it is when God's people live together in unity." We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity. When America is united, America is totally unstoppable. There should be no fear: We are protected, and we will always be protected. We will be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement, and most importantly, we will be protected by God.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
我们必须保护我们的边境，免受其他国家制造我们的产品、窃取我们的公司、摧毁我们就业机会的蹂躏。保护将带来巨大的繁荣和强大。我将竭尽全力为你们而战，我永远不会让你们失望。美国将再次赢得胜利，而且是前所未有的胜利。我们将夺回我们的工作岗位。我们将夺回我们的边境。我们将夺回我们的财富。我们将夺回我们的梦想。我们将在我们伟大的国家各地修建新的公路、高速公路、桥梁、机场、隧道和铁路。我们将让我们的人民摆脱社会福利，重返工作岗位，用美国人的双手和劳动力重建我们的国家。我们将遵循两条简单的规则：购买美国产品，雇用美国人。我们将寻求与世界各国的友谊和善意，但我们这样做是基于这样的理解：所有国家都有权将自身利益放在首位。我们不寻求将我们的生活方式强加于人，而是要让它成为榜样——我们将闪耀光芒——让每个人都能效仿。我们将巩固旧有联盟，建立新联盟，团结文明世界共同对抗激进伊斯兰恐怖主义，并将其从地球上彻底铲除。我们政治的基石是对美利坚合众国的绝对忠诚，通过对国家的忠诚，我们将重新发现彼此的忠诚。当你敞开心扉拥抱爱国主义时，偏见便无处容身。圣经告诉我们：“看哪，圣徒和睦同居是何等地善，何等地美。” 我们必须公开表达自己的想法，坦诚地辩论彼此的分歧，但始终追求团结一致。当美国团结一致时，美国将势不可挡。我们不应感到恐惧：我们受到保护，而且将永远受到保护。我们将受到我们伟大的军人和执法人员的保护，最重要的是，我们将受到上帝的保护。
——就职演说，（2017年1月20日）

Think of this. We give them everything, including military protection and trade, and now we have to pay them to go there. As President I will not allow this, will end very quickly.
—“U.S. CITIZENS WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR A VISA TO TRAVEL TO EUROPE STARTING IN 2024.”
想想看。我们给了他们一切，包括军事保护和贸易，现在却要付钱让他们去那里。作为总统，我不会允许这种情况发生，这种情况很快就会结束。
——“从2024年开始，美国公民前往欧洲旅行必须自费办理签证。”

It's the only chance we're going to have to reset the table on trade, and when we do, we're going to come out unbelievably well. We're going to have a strong country economically again and we're going to have those factories that are empty all over the United States.
—Indicating there would be no change of course regarding tariff plan, reported in Trump tariff team cites Chicago economist's work, but he says their math doesn't check out ABC7 Chicago (April 7, 2025)
这是我们唯一一次重新调整贸易格局的机会，一旦我们这样做，我们将会取得令人难以置信的好成绩。我们将再次拥有一个经济强大的国家，我们将拥有遍布全美的那些空置工厂。
——特朗普关税团队援引芝加哥经济学家的研究成果，但表示他们的计算方法并不准确，ABC7芝加哥频道（2025年4月7日）报道，暗示关税计划不会有任何改变

You know, somebody said, ‘Oh, the shelves are going to be open.’ Well, maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. So maybe the two dolls will cost a couple bucks more than they would normally.
—More remarks during his Cabinet meeting, reported in Trump says US kids may get ‘2 dolls instead of 30,’ but China will suffer more in a trade war 'AP News' (April 30, 2025)
你知道，有人说：“哦，货架要空了。” 好吧，也许孩子们会有两个娃娃，而不是30个。所以这两个娃娃的价格可能会比平时贵几块钱。
——更多特朗普在内阁会议上的讲话，报道见《美联社新闻》（2025年4月30日）特朗普称美国孩子可能会得到“两个娃娃而不是30个”，但中国在贸易战中遭受的损失更大。

India has a true friend in the White House.
—Donald Trump, November 28, 2017 Indian Express India has true friends in White House, says Ivanka Trump at Global Entrepreneurship Summit
印度在白宫有一位真正的朋友。
——唐纳德·特朗普，2017年11月28日，《印度快报》 伊万卡·特朗普在全球企业家峰会上表示，印度在白宫有一位真正的朋友

Audience member: We have a problem in this country, it's called Muslims. Our current President is one. We know he's not even an American. We have training camps growing where they want to kill us. That's my question, when can we get rid of them?
Donald Trump: We're going to be looking at a lot of different things. A lot of people are saying that and a lot of people are saying that bad things are happening out there. We're going to be looking at that and a lot of different things.
—At a town hall meeting in New Hampshire — as quoted in Maya Rhodan (17 September 2015), "Here's How Donald Trump Responded to a Person Saying President Obama is Muslim", Time
观众：我们国家有个问题，那就是穆斯林。我们现任总统就是其中之一。我们知道他甚至不是美国人。我们国家正在兴起穆斯林训练营，他们想在那里杀死我们。我的问题是，我们什么时候才能摆脱他们？
唐纳德·特朗普：我们会关注很多不同的事情。很多人都这么说，也有很多人说外面正在发生一些不好的事情。我们会关注这些，以及其他很多不同的事情。
——在新罕布什尔州的一次市政厅会议上——引自玛雅·罗丹（2015年9月17日），“唐纳德·特朗普如何回应有人说奥巴马总统是穆斯林”，《时代》杂志

They let — I think the real number is 15, 16 million people into our country. When they do that, we got a lot of work to do.
They're poisoning the blood of our country, that's what they've done.
They poison mental institutions and prisons all over the world, not just in South America, not just to three or four countries that we think about, but all over the world. They're coming into our country from Africa, from Asia, all over the world.
—16 December 2023 in Durham, New Hampshire rally, quoted in "Trump says immigrants are 'poisoning the blood of our country.' Biden campaign likens comments to Hitler.". NBC News. 2023-12-17.
他们让——我认为实际数字是1500万到1600万人进入我们国家。如果他们这样做，我们就有很多工作要做。
他们正在毒害我们国家的血液，这就是他们所做的。
他们毒害了世界各地的精神病院和监狱，不仅仅是在南美洲，不仅仅是我们想到的三四个国家，而是全世界。他们从非洲、亚洲，从世界各地涌入我们国家。
——2023年12月16日，新罕布什尔州达勒姆的集会，引自“特朗普称移民正在‘毒害我们国家的血液’。拜登竞选团队将言论比作希特勒。” NBC新闻。2023年12月17日

Remember the $5 billion Web site? $5 billion we spent on a Web site, and to this day it doesn't work. A $5 billion Web site. I have so many Web sites, I have them all over the place. I hire people, they do a Web site. It costs me $3.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
还记得那个50亿美元的网站吗？我们花了50亿美元建了一个网站，但到今天它还是没用。一个50亿美元的网站。我有很多网站，到处都是。我雇人，他们帮我做一个网站。这花了我3美元。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I love Iowa, and I'm going there right after this, going up to New Hampshire, I'm going to Iowa because I want to win Iowa. Everyone says don't say that. Just say you're going to do well. That's the closest, but I can't do that. The safe way is, I think I'll do well. I want to win Iowa.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我爱爱荷华州，这之后我马上就去那里，然后去新罕布什尔州。我要去爱荷华州，因为我想赢得爱荷华州。大家都说别这么说。就说你会做得很好。这已经是最接近的了，但我做不到。稳妥的说法是，我觉得我会做得很好。我想赢得爱荷华州。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

“We’re going to place strong protections to stop banks and regulators from trying to debank you from your—our political beliefs what they do. They want to debank you. We’re going to debank—think of this. They want to take away your country. Electric cars... They wanna take away your rights. They wanna take away your country. The things they’re doing. All electric cars. Give me a break. If you want an electric car, great. But they don’t go far. They’re very expensive. They gotta be made in China. That’s why I think I’m gonna get the autoworkers to vote for Trump. You know, we’re having great, great talks. But think of what they wanna do. They wanna take away your rights.”
—17 January 2024 at a campaign rally in New Hampshire, reported by several sources.
我们将采取强有力的保护措施，阻止银行和监管机构试图剥夺你的政治信仰。他们想剥夺你的银行账户。我们要剥夺你的银行账户——想想看。他们想夺走你的国家。电动汽车……他们想剥夺你的权利。他们想夺走你的国家。他们正在做的事情。全是电动汽车。饶了我吧。如果你想要一辆电动汽车，那很好。但它们跑不了多远。它们非常昂贵。它们必须在中国制造。这就是为什么我认为我会让汽车工人投票给特朗普。你知道，我们正在进行非常棒的谈判。但想想他们想做什么。他们想剥夺你的权利。”
——据多位消息人士报道，2024年1月17日，在新罕布什尔州的一场竞选集会上。

Christie, he’s eating right now. He can’t be bothered.
Sir, please do not call him a fat pig, that’s very disrespect.
See, I’m trying to be nice. Don’t call him a fat pig. You can’t do that.
I was extremely respectful of Sloppy Chris Christie today in New Hampshire. During a speech in front of a large crowd of Patriots, somebody shouted out that "Chris Christie is a fat pig." Rather than acknowleding that, which many speakers would have done, I said "No, No, he is not a fat pig." I'm sure Chris would have been very happy with my defense of him!
—10 August 2024 Chris Christie, cited in "Trump Is Pretending He Didn’t Call Christie a ‘Fat Pig’", Intelligencer (August 10, 2024)
克里斯蒂，他现在正在吃饭呢。他懒得理他。
先生，请不要叫他肥猪，这太不尊重人了。
瞧，我只是想表现得友好些。别叫他肥猪。你不能那样做。
今天在新罕布什尔州，我对邋遢的克里斯·克里斯蒂非常尊重。在面对一大群爱国者球迷发表演讲时，有人喊道：“克里斯·克里斯蒂是头肥猪。”我没有像很多演讲者那样承认，而是说：“不，不，他不是头肥猪。”我相信克里斯会很高兴我为他辩护！
——2024年8月10日，克里斯·克里斯蒂，引自《情报员》（2024年8月10日）“特朗普假装没叫克里斯蒂‘肥猪’”

There is a great man, a great leader in Europe — Viktor Orban [...] He is the Prime Minister of Hungary. He is a very great leader, a very strong man. Some people don't like him because he's too strong.
—20 January 2024 at a rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, as cited in "Trump hails Hungarian PM Orban as 'great leader' and 'strong man', Yahoo! News, reproduced from The New Voice of Ukraine (21 January 2024)
欧洲有一位伟人，一位伟大的领袖——维克托·奥尔班[...]他是匈牙利总理。他是一位非常伟大的领袖，一位非常强势的人物。有些人不喜欢他，因为他太强势了。
——2024年1月20日，新罕布什尔州曼彻斯特的一场集会，引自雅虎新闻“特朗普称赞匈牙利总理奥尔班是‘伟大领袖’和‘强人’”，转载自《乌克兰新声报》（2024年1月21日）

And by the way, the virus. They're working hard. Looks like by April, you know, in theory, when it gets a little warmer, it miraculously goes away. I hope that's true.
—Regarding coronavirus. Rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, 2020-02-10, quoted in Doyle McManus (26 February 2020), "Trump’s dangerous message on coronavirus", LA Times
顺便说一下，病毒。他们正在努力控制。理论上，到四月，天气稍微暖和一点，病毒就会奇迹般地消失。我希望这是真的。
——关于新冠病毒。2020年2月10日，新罕布什尔州曼彻斯特集会，引自道尔·麦克马纳斯（2020年2月26日），“特朗普关于新冠病毒的危险信息”，《洛杉矶时报》

ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION IS POISONING THE BLOOD OF OUR NATION
—17 December 2023 per Alex Woodward article in The Independent on Trumps TruthSocial account after leaving New Hampshire
非法移民正在毒害我们国家的血液
——2023年12月17日，亚历克斯·伍德沃德在《独立报》上发表文章，探讨特朗普离开新罕布什尔州后在TruthSocial账户上的行为

I don’t need publicity. I get a lot of publicity. I would like to get a lot less publicity.
I would hire a public relations agent to get less publicity.
—"Trump denies exploiting visit to US soldiers’ graves: ‘I don’t need publicity’", The Guardian (August 31, 2024)
我不需要宣传。我有很多宣传。我希望少一点宣传。
我会聘请一位公关代理人来减少宣传。
——“特朗普否认利用参拜美国士兵坟墓的机会：‘我不需要宣传’”，《卫报》（2024年8月31日）

2. Politics and Government
2. 政治与政府

DAVID MUIR: …You have said you would solve this war [in Ukraine] in 24 hours. How exactly would you do that? And I want to ask you a very simple question tonight. Do you want Ukraine to win this war?
I want to get the war settled. I know Zelenskyy very well and I know Putin very well. I have a good relationship. And they respect your president. Okay? They respect me. They don't respect Biden….
If I win, when I'm President-Elect, and what I'll do is I'll speak to one, I'll speak to the other, I'll get them together. That war would have never happened. And in fact when I saw Putin after I left, unfortunately left because our country has gone to hell, but after I left when I saw him building up soldiers, he did it after I left, I said oh, he must be negotiating. It must be a good strong point of negotiation. Well, it wasn't because Biden had no idea how to talk to him. He had no idea how to stop it. And now you have millions of people dead and it's only getting worse and it could lead to World War 3. Don't kid yourself, David. We're playing with World War 3.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
戴维·缪尔：……您说过会在24小时内解决这场（乌克兰的）战争。您具体会怎么做呢？今晚我想问您一个非常简单的问题。您希望乌克兰赢得这场战争吗？
我希望解决这场战争。我非常了解泽连斯基，也非常了解普京。我们关系很好。他们尊重你们的总统。明白吗？他们尊重我。他们不尊重拜登……
如果我赢了，当我当选总统时，我会做的是，我会和其中一个国家谈，我会和另一个国家谈，我会让他们团结起来。那场战争根本不会发生。事实上，我离开后见到普京时，很不幸，他离开是因为我们的国家已经陷入了地狱。但我离开后，当我看到他集结军队时，我想，哦，他一定是在谈判。这肯定是一个很好的谈判点。嗯，这并不是因为拜登不知道该怎么和他谈。他根本不知道该如何阻止这一切。现在数百万人丧生，情况只会越来越糟，甚至可能引发第三次世界大战。别自欺欺人了，大卫。我们正在玩弄第三次世界大战。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

I said to the bankers, "Listen, fellows, if I have a problem, then you have a problem. We have to find a way out or it's going to be a difficult time for both of us."
—Fortune (August 13, 1990), as quoted in The World According to Trump (2005) by Ken Lawrence, p. 44          Cf. J. Paul Getty: "If you owe the bank $100, that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem."
我对银行家们说：“听着，伙计们，如果我有问题，你们也有问题。我们必须找到出路，否则我们双方都会过得很艰难。”
——《财富》（1990年8月13日），引自肯·劳伦斯著《特朗普眼中的世界》（2005年），第44页。另见J·保罗·盖蒂：“如果你欠银行100美元，那是你的问题。如果你欠银行1亿美元，那是银行的问题。”

I am not a law enforcement officer. I am not supposed to be going around checking Indian reservations. That is what you have the FBI for, and they are very capable, the most capable.
—Oversight Hearing Before the Subcommittee on Native American Affairs of the Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, October 5, 1993: In Implementation of Indian Gaming Regulatory Act: Oversight Hearing Before the Subcommittee on Native American Affairs of the Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress ... Public Law 100-497, the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988, Part 5, page 187
我不是执法人员。我不应该到处检查印第安保留地。联邦调查局就是干这个的，他们非常有能力，是最有能力的。
——1993年10月5日，众议院自然资源委员会美洲原住民事务小组委员会监督听证会：《印第安博彩管理法》实施情况：第一百零三届国会，众议院自然资源委员会美洲原住民事务小组委员会监督听证会……公法100-497，1988年《印第安博彩管理法》，第五部分，第187页

The part of my life I think I'm most disappointed in is that I have not had the great marriage. And I would have thought that would have happened, because I came from a home—you know, it's not like some of my friends, they get divorced, but their parents were divorced twice or three times. I came from a home where marriage was just incredible. I mean, my parents truly loved each other.
—Good Morning America (2 December 1999), as quoted in The World According to Trump (2005) by Ken Lawrence, p. 46
我认为人生中最让我失望的部分，就是我的婚姻并不美满。我原本以为我会拥有美满的婚姻，因为我的家庭——你知道，我有些朋友离婚了，但他们的父母离过两三次婚。我来自一个婚姻美满的家庭。我的意思是，我的父母彼此真心相爱。
——《早安美国》（1999年12月2日），转引自肯·劳伦斯的《特朗普眼中的世界》（2005年），第46页

I heard he was a terrible student, terrible. How does a bad student go to Columbia and then to Harvard? I'm thinking about it, I'm certainly looking into it. Let him show his records.
—Associated Press interview, 2011-04-25. Madison, Lucy (25 April 2011), "Trump: How did Obama get into the Ivy League?", CBS News, Archived from the original on 2013-06-28, retrieved on 2011-05-01. About Barack Obama's education, who graduated from Columbia University in 1983 and graduated magna cum laude with a Juris doctorate from Harvard Law School in 1991
我听说他学习很差，差劲。一个差生怎么能考上哥伦比亚大学，然后又考上哈佛大学？我正在考虑，我肯定会调查的。让他出示他的成绩单。
——美联社采访，2011年4月25日。麦迪逊，露西（2011年4月25日），“特朗普：奥巴马是如何进入常春藤盟校的？”，哥伦比亚广播公司新闻，原版存档于2013年6月28日，检索于2011年5月1日。关于巴拉克·奥巴马的教育背景，他于1983年毕业于哥伦比亚大学，并于1991年以优异成绩获得哈佛法学院法学博士学位。

I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that we've ever had, and we need it more now than ever. But I said, "Don't hit Iraq," because you're going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East, Iran and somebody else will get the oil, and it turned out that Iran is now taking over Iraq. Think of it. Iran is taking over Iraq, and they're taking it over big league.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我热爱军队，我希望拥有我们有史以来最强大的军队，我们现在比以往任何时候都更需要这支军队。但我说过，“不要打伊拉克”，因为这样会彻底破坏中东的稳定。伊朗会接管中东，伊朗和其他国家会得到石油，而事实证明，伊朗现在正在接管伊拉克。想想看。伊朗正在接管伊拉克，而且是强势接管。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare. ... We have to repeal Obamacare, and it can be — and — and it can be replaced with something much better for everybody. Let it be for everybody. But much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. And we can do it.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们面临一场名为“弥天大谎”的灾难：奥巴马医改……我们必须废除奥巴马医改，它可以被——而且——而且可以被一个对每个人都更好的方案取代。让它成为对每个人都更好的方案吧。但对民众和政府来说，它要更好，成本也要低得多。我们一定能做到。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We have all the cards, but we don't know how to use them. We don't even know that we have the cards, because our leaders don't understand the game. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们手里握着所有牌，却不知该如何运用。我们甚至不知道自己手里握着牌，因为我们的领导人不懂这个游戏。我们可以向他们征税，直到他们行为端正，以此来堵住这个“水龙头”。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I'll build them very inexpensively, I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我要建一堵伟大的墙，相信我，没有人比我建墙更好，而且我会建得非常便宜，我要在我们南部边境建一堵伟大的墙。而且我要让墨西哥出钱。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Rebuild the country's infrastructure. Nobody can do that like me. Believe me. It will be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever thought. I look at the roads being built all over the country, and I say I can build those things for one-third. What they do is unbelievable, how bad.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
重建国家的基础设施。没有人能像我一样做到。相信我。这一定会按时完成，在预算之内，远低于成本，远低于任何人的预期。我看着全国各地正在修建的道路，我说我可以用三分之一的成本修好它们。他们做得真是令人难以置信，简直糟糕透顶。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

The first thing I'd do in my first day as president is close up our borders so that illegal immigrants cannot come into our country.
—Twitter question and answer session from Twitter's New York office — as quoted in Jesse Byrnes (21 September 2015), "Trump: I'll close US borders 'in my first day'", The Hill
就任总统第一天，我要做的第一件事就是关闭边境，阻止非法移民进入我国。
——推特纽约办公室问答环节——摘自杰西·伯恩斯（2015年9月21日）的文章《特朗普：我将‘在上任第一天’关闭美国边境》，《国会山报》

Our country, our people, and our laws have to be our top priority.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 30
我们的国家、我们的人民和我们的法律必须是我们的首要任务。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第30页

The entire world has been upset. The entire world, it's a different place. During Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's term, she's done a horrible job.
She has caused death. She has caused tremendous death with incompetent decisions. I was against the war in Iraq. I wasn't a politician, but I was against the war in Iraq. She voted for the war in Iraq.
Look at Libya. That was her baby. Look. I mean, I'm not even talking about the ambassador and the people with the ambassador. Young, wonderful people. With messages coming in by the hundreds, and she's not even responding. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about all of the death that's been caused and not only our side.
There was nothing saved. If we would have never done anything in the Middle East, we would have a much safer world right now. ... All of this has led to the migration. All of this has led to tremendous death and destruction. And she for the most part was in charge of it along with Obama.
She's constantly playing the woman card. It's the only way she may get elected. I mean frankly... Personally, I'm not sure that anybody else other than me is going to beat her. And I think she's a flawed candidate. And you see what's happened recently. And it hasn't been a very pretty picture for her or for Bill. Because I'm the only one that's willing to talk about his problems. I mean, what he did and what he has gone through I think is frankly terrible, especially if she wants to play the woman card.
I have more respect for women by far than Hillary Clinton has. And I will do more for women than Hillary Clinton will. I will do far more including the protection of our country. She caused a lot of the problems that we have right now.
—CBS interview with John Dickerson (taped 1 January 2016) for Face the Nation — as quoted in "Trump: Clinton has ruined the world" by Nick Gass, Politico (3 January 2016)
全世界都乱了套。全世界都变了。在巴拉克·奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿的任期内，希拉里的工作做得很糟糕。
她造成了死亡。她做出的无能决定造成了巨大的人员伤亡。我反对伊拉克战争。我不是政客，但我反对伊拉克战争。她却投票支持伊拉克战争。
看看利比亚。那是她亲手做的。你看。我的意思是，我指的甚至不是大使和大使身边的人。那些年轻、优秀的人。数百条信息发来，她却毫无回应。我不是在谈论这些。我是在谈论所有造成的死亡，不仅仅是我们这边。
什么都没挽救。如果我们从未在中东采取任何行动，我们现在的世界就会安全得多……所有这些都导致了移民潮。所有这些都导致了巨大的死亡和破坏。她大部分时间都和奥巴马一起掌管着这一切。
她一直在打女性牌。这是她当选的唯一途径。坦白说……就我个人而言，我不确定除了我之外还有谁能打败她。我认为她是个有缺陷的候选人。你看看最近发生的事情。对她和比尔来说，情况都不太乐观。因为我是唯一一个愿意谈论他问题的人。我的意思是，我认为他的所作所为和经历都很糟糕，尤其是如果她想打女性牌的话。
我对女性的尊重远胜于希拉里·克林顿。我会比希拉里·克林顿为女性做更多的事情。我会做得更多，包括保卫我们的国家。我们现在面临的很多问题都是她造成的。
—哥伦比亚广播公司 (CBS) 为《面向国家》节目采访约翰·迪克森 (John Dickerson)（2016 年 1 月 1 日录制） — 转载自尼克·加斯 (Nick Gass) 撰写的《特朗普：克林顿毁了世界》 (Politico)（2016 年 1 月 3 日）

The people, my people, are so smart, and you know what they say about my people? The polls. They say I have the most loyal people — did you ever see that? Where I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters. It's like incredible. No, they say, "Trump we love you too." Trump's voters are by far, ya know, I'm at sixty-eight and sixty-nine percent, I'm at ninety percent, total, like, "Will you say absolutely?" I think it's sixty-eight and sixty-nine percent. "Will you most likely stay?" That gets into the nineties. Other guys like a ten. A guy like Jeb Bush, he has a nobody, but he's like, they don't have people. They have nothing. Rubio, soft. They're all soft. My people stay, by the way, Cruz, soft. When they heard about this thing with that he was bordering Canada, nobody knew them? He lost a lot of people! He's gone down big in the polls. Ted Cruz has gone down big in the polls. That doesn't mean he's giving us a fight in Iowa, that doesn't mean you can stay home, okay, see, you with the smile? It doesn't mean that. You gotta go out cause we can't take any chances.
—Speech at campaign rally (23 January 2016), Sioux Center, Iowa.
我的选民们非常聪明，你知道他们怎么评价我的选民吗？民调。他们说我拥有最忠诚的选民——你见过吗？我站在第五大道中间开枪打人，也不会失去任何选民。真是不可思议。不，他们说，“特朗普，我们也爱你。”特朗普的选民数量遥遥领先，你知道吗，我的支持率是68%到69%，我的支持率是90%，他们问：“你绝对支持吗？”我想是68%到69%。“你最有可能留下来吗？”这个数字接近90%。其他人大概只有10%。像杰布·布什这样的人，他没什么人脉，但他就像是，他们没有人脉。他们什么都没有。卢比奥，软弱的。他们都是软弱的。顺便说一句，我的选民，克鲁兹，也是软弱的。当他们听说他与加拿大接壤时，竟然没人认识他们？他失去了很多人！他的民调支持率大幅下滑。泰德·克鲁兹的民调支持率也大幅下滑。但这并不意味着他会在爱荷华州给我们带来竞争，也不意味着你们可以待在家里，好吗，看到了吗，你还笑着？这并不意味着什么。你们必须出门，因为我们不能冒险。
——2016年1月23日，爱荷华州苏城，竞选集会演讲。

The immigration laws of the United States give the president powers to suspend entry into the country of any class of persons. Now, any class — it really is determined and to be determined by the president for the interests of the United States. And it's as he or she deems appropriate. Hopefully it's he in this case.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
美国移民法赋予总统权力，可以暂停任何类别人员入境。至于任何类别——这实际上由总统为了美国利益而决定，并且由总统自行决定。这取决于他或她认为合适的程度。希望在本案中，他就是那个人。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

She says the solution is to ban guns. They tried that in France which has among the toughest gun laws anywhere in the world, and 130 people were brutally murdered by Islamic terrorists in cold blood. Her plan is to disarm law abiding Americans, abolishing the Second Amendment, and leaving only the bad guys and terrorists with guns. No good. Not going to happen, folks. ... She wants to take away American's guns and then admit the very people who want to slaughter us. Let them come into the country, we don't have guns. Let them come in, let them have all the fun they want.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
她说解决办法是禁枪。法国的枪支法堪称世界最严，他们就曾尝试禁枪，结果130人惨遭伊斯兰恐怖分子冷血杀害。她的计划是解除守法美国人的武装，废除第二修正案，只留下坏人和恐怖分子持有枪支。这可不行。朋友们，这绝对不会发生。……她想夺走美国人的枪支，然后让那些想要屠杀我们的人进入美国。让他们进来吧，我们没有枪。让他们进来吧，让他们尽情享乐吧。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

She's (Hillary Clinton) a very dishonest person. I have one of the great temperaments. I have a winning temperament. She has a bad temperament. She's weak. We need a strong temperament and that's all it is, I have a strong temperament. ... I think I have a great temperament. I beat 16 very talented people in -- and I've never done this before. You don't do that with a bad temperament. ... I'm leading her in the polls, as you probably have noticed. And I think I have a great temperament. I have a temperament where I know how to win. She doesn't know how to win. She's not a winner. She doesn't know how to win. Honestly, she lies a lot and she really -- she should tell the truth. I honestly believe if she told the truth -- because she made some reference to my campaigning, I've had a beautiful -- I've had a -- had a flawless campaign. You'll be writing books about this campaign. And yet she's criticizing my campaign.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
她（希拉里·克林顿）是个非常不诚实的人。我的性格很好。我有一种胜利者的气质。她的性格很差。她很软弱。我们需要的是坚强的气质，而我就是这样，我有一种坚强的气质……我认为我的性格很好。我击败了16位非常有才华的人——我以前从未做到这一点。脾气不好的人做不到这一点……你可能已经注意到了，我在民调中领先于她。我认为我的性格很好。我有一种知道如何取胜的气质。她不知道如何取胜。她不是赢家。她不知道如何取胜。说实话，她撒了很多谎，她真的——她应该说实话。我真的相信，如果她说的是实话——因为她提到了我的竞选活动，我的竞选活动非常精彩——我——完美无瑕。你们会写关于这次竞选的书的。然而她却批评我的竞选活动。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

In my administration, I'm going to enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information. No one will be above the law.
—Statement in a campaign rally in Charlotte, North Carolina (18 August 2016), as quoted in "Yes, Trump Said 'No One Will Be Above the Law' Regarding Protection of Classified Information" (9 June 2023)
在我的政府任期内，我将执行所有与机密信息保护相关的法律。任何人都不能凌驾于法律之上。
——2016年8月18日，在北卡罗来纳州夏洛特举行的竞选集会上发表的声明，摘自《是的，特朗普表示‘关于机密信息保护，任何人都不能凌驾于法律之上’》（2023年6月9日）

When politicians talk about immigration reform, they usually mean the following: amnesty, open borders, and lower wages. Immigration reform should mean something else entirely: it should mean improvements to our laws and policies to make life better for American citizens. But if we are going to make our immigration system work, then we have to be prepared to talk honestly and without fear about these important and sensitive issues.
—Immigration speech, Arizona (31 August 2016)
当政客们谈论移民改革时，他们通常指的是：大赦、开放边境和降低工资。移民改革应该意味着完全不同的东西：它应该意味着改进我们的法律和政策，以改善美国公民的生活。但如果我们要使我们的移民制度有效运作，那么我们必须准备好坦诚地、毫无畏惧地谈论这些重要而敏感的问题。
——亚利桑那州移民演讲（2016年8月31日）

The job of a public official is to serve and protect the citizens of the United States. Not illegal immigrants, not foreign nationals seeking entry, but the people living here lawfully today — including millions of African-American and Hispanic citizens.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
公职人员的职责是服务和保护美国公民。他们所服务的不是非法移民，也不是试图入境的外国人，而是如今合法居住在这里的人——包括数百万非裔美国人和西班牙裔公民。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司（CBS）和《印度报》（2016年8月24日）引用

It's time for America to recapture its destiny. Our government, our leaders, and our media have lost touch with the people. You need no better evidence of that than the fact that the media ignores the plight of Americans who have lost their children to illegal immigrants, but spends day after day pushing for amnesty for those here in violation of the law.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
美国是时候重新掌握自己的命运了。我们的政府、我们的领导人和我们的媒体已经脱离了民众的视线。媒体对那些因非法移民而失去子女的美国人的困境视而不见，却日复一日地为那些违法入境者争取特赦，这便是最好的证明。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司（CBS）和《印度报》（2016年8月24日）引用

I have a message for the terrorists trying to kill our citizens: we will find you, we will destroy you, and we will win. This is not only a military fight, but we will also require cyberwarfare and financial warfare. It is also an ideological fight. We will confront directly the hateful ideology of Radical Islam — and promote American values, and American culture, and America's system of government.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
我要向那些试图杀害我们公民的恐怖分子传达一个信息：我们终将找到你们，消灭你们，并最终取得胜利。这不仅是一场军事斗争，我们还需要网络战和金融战。这也是一场意识形态之战。我们将直面激进伊斯兰的仇恨意识形态，并弘扬美国价值观、美国文化和美国政府体制。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司（CBS）和《印度教徒报》（2016年8月24日）引用

But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She's been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn't she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we've created a movement.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
但平心而论，克林顿国务卿真正开始谈论这件事，其实是最近的事情。她已经这样做了30年。为什么她没有让这些协议变得更好呢？北美自由贸易协定（NAFTA）本身就存在缺陷。不仅仅是因为税收和其他诸多原因，更是因为克林顿国务卿和其他政客们早就应该这样做了，而不是现在，因为我们已经发起了一场运动。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

The first thing you do is don't let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They're leaving, and they're leaving in bigger numbers than ever. And what you do is you say, fine, you want to go to Mexico or some other country, good luck. We wish you a lot of luck. But if you think you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars or your cookies or whatever you make and bring them into our country without a tax, you're wrong. And once you say you're going to have to tax them coming in, and our politicians never do this, because they have special interests and the special interests want those companies to leave, because in many cases, they own the companies. So what I'm saying is, we can stop them from leaving. We have to stop them from leaving. And that's a big, big factor.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
你要做的第一件事就是别让工作岗位流失。公司正在流失。我能列举出成千上万家公司。它们正在流失，而且流失的人数比以往任何时候都多。而你所做的就是说，好吧，你想去墨西哥或其他国家，祝你好运。我们祝你好运。但如果你以为你生产的空调、汽车、饼干或其他任何东西都能免税进口到我们国家，那你就错了。一旦你说要对它们征税，我们的政客们就从来不这么做，因为他们有特殊利益集团，而这些特殊利益集团希望这些公司离开，因为在很多情况下，这些公司是他们自己的。所以，我想说的是，我们可以阻止它们离开。我们必须阻止它们离开。这是一个非常重要的因素。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

I'm really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going create tremendous jobs. They're going to expand their companies. They're going to do a tremendous job. I'm getting rid of the carried interest provision. And if you really look, it's not a tax -- it's really not a great thing for the wealthy. It's a great thing for the middle class. It's a great thing for companies to expand.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
我真正呼吁的是创造大量就业机会，因为富人正在创造大量就业机会。他们将扩张公司。他们将会做出巨大的贡献。我要废除附带权益条款。如果你仔细观察就会发现，这并非一项税收——它对富人来说真的不是什么好事。这对中产阶级来说是件好事。对公司扩张来说也是一件好事。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

We have the worst revival of an economy since the Great Depression. And believe me: We're in a bubble right now. And the only thing that looks good is the stock market, but if you raise interest rates even a little bit, that's going to come crashing down.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
我们正经历着自大萧条以来最糟糕的经济复苏。相信我：我们现在正处于泡沫之中。唯一看起来不错的是股市，但只要稍微加息，股市就会崩盘。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. And in a way, I should be complaining. I'm not even complaining. I don't mind it. It's almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don't. I will say this. We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of. I will release my tax returns -- against my lawyer's wishes -- when she [Hillary Clinton] releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. As soon as she releases them, I will release.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
审计结束后我会立即公布这些文件。你看，我被审计快15年了。我认识很多富人，他们从未被审计过。我说，你们会被审计吗？我几乎每年都会被审计。某种程度上，我应该抱怨一下。但我根本没抱怨。我并不介意。这几乎成了我的生活方式。我会被国税局审计。但其他人不会。我要说的是，我们国家现在的情况必须得到解决。我会违背律师的意愿，在希拉里·克林顿公布她删除的3.3万封电子邮件后公布我的纳税申报单。只要她公布，我就会公布。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

Maybe he didn't do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work ... On occasion, four times, we used certain laws that are there. And when Secretary Clinton talks about people that didn't get paid, first of all, they did get paid a lot, but taken advantage of the laws of the nation. Now, if you want to change the laws, you've been there a long time, change the laws. But I take advantage of the laws of the nation because I'm running a company. My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my companies. And that's what I do. ... She [Hillary Clinton] doesn't say is that tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and that love me.
—About not having paid to some of his employees.
也许他做得不好，我对他的工作不满意……有四次，我们援引了某些现行法律。克林顿国务卿谈到那些没有拿到工资的人时，首先，他们确实拿到了很多钱，但却利用了国家的法律。如果你想修改法律，你早就在那儿了，去修改法律吧。但我利用国家的法律，因为我在经营一家公司。我现在的义务是让自己、我的家人、我的员工、我的公司过得好。这就是我所做的……她（希拉里·克林顿）没说的是，成千上万的人无比幸福，爱我。
——关于他没有支付部分员工的工资。

Hillary Clinton: ...it's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country.
Donald Trump: Because you'd be in jail.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
希拉里·克林顿：……像唐纳德·特朗普这样脾气的人没有掌管我们国家的司法，真是太好了。
唐纳德·特朗普：因为那样你会进监狱。
——《纽约时报》第二场总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

As far as the, you know, potential conflict of interests, though, I mean I know that from the standpoint, the law is totally on my side, meaning, the president can't have a conflict of interest. That's been reported very widely. Despite that, I don't want there to be a conflict of interest anyway. And the laws, the president can't. And I understand why the president can't have a conflict of interest now because everything a president does in some ways is like a conflict of interest.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
至于潜在的利益冲突，我的意思是，我知道从法律角度来看，法律完全站在我这边，也就是说，总统不能有利益冲突。这已经被广泛报道了。尽管如此，我无论如何都不希望有利益冲突。法律规定总统不能有利益冲突。我理解为什么现在总统不能有利益冲突，因为总统做的每件事，从某种程度上来说，都像是利益冲突。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

I listened to a panel of judges and I'll comment on that — I will not comment on the statements made by, um, certainly one judge — but I have to be honest that if these judges wanted to, in my opinion, help the court, in terms of respect for the court, they'd do what they should be doing. I mean it's so sad, they should be, you know, when you read something so simple, and so beautifully written, and so perfectly written — other than the one statement, of course, having to do with "he" or "she" — but when you read something so perfectly written, and so clear to anybody, and then you have lawyers and you watched, I watched last night in amazement, and I heard things that I couldn't believe, things that really had nothing to do with what I just read, and I don't ever want to call a court biased, so I won't call it biased, and we haven't had a decision yet, but courts seem to be so political, and it would be so great for our justice system if they would be able to read a statement and do what's right.
Every child in America should be able to play outside without fear, walk home without danger, and attend a school without being worried about drugs or gangs or violence.
—Remarks by President Trump at MCCA Winter Conference (8 February 2017)
我听取了一组法官的发言，并对此发表评论——我不会对其中一位法官的言论发表评论——但我必须诚实地说，如果这些法官愿意，在我看来，在尊重法庭方面帮助法庭，他们就会做他们应该做的事情。我的意思是，这太令人难过了，你知道，当你读到如此简单、如此优美、如此完美的陈述时——当然，除了那句与“他”或“她”有关的陈述——他们本应感到难过。但当你读到如此完美、对任何人来说都如此清晰的陈述时，然后你又有律师在场，你看着它，我昨晚惊呆了，听到了一些我简直不敢相信的事情，一些与我刚刚读到的内容完全无关的事情。我从来都不想说法庭有偏见，所以我不会说它有偏见，我们还没有做出判决，但法庭似乎太政治化了，如果他们能够宣读陈述并做出正确的判决，对我们的司法系统来说将是多么好啊。
每个美国孩子都应该能够无所畏惧地在户外玩耍，无所畏惧地步行回家，上学时不必担心毒品、帮派或暴力。
——特朗普总统在MCCA冬季会议上的讲话（2017年2月8日）

Well I just want to say that we are, you know, very honored by the victory that we had, 306 electoral college votes, we were not supposed to crack 220, you [turning to the Israeli PM] know that right? There was no way to 221, but then they said there's no way to 270 [Netanyahu tries to respond, but Trump continues, so then mouths "I thought he was talking to me"] and there's tremendous enthusiasm out there. I will say that, um, we are going to have peace, in this country, we are going to stop crime, in this country, we are going to do everything within our power to stop long-simmering racism, and every other thing that's going on, because a lot of bad things have been taking place over a long period of time. I think one of the reasons I won the election is we have a very, very divided nation, very divided, and hopefully I'll be able to do something about that, and I, you know, it's something that was very important to me. As far as people, Jewish people, so many friends, a daughter who happens to be here right now, a son-in-law, and three beautiful grandchildren, I think that you're going to see a lot different United States of America over the next three, four, or eight years, er, I think a lot of good things are happening, and you're going to see a lot of love, you're going to see a lot of love.
—Trump responding to a reporter's question about rising anti-Semitic incidents and a perception of xenophobia in his administration, during a joint press conference with Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel (15 February 2017)
我只想说，我们非常荣幸能赢得306张选举人票，我们本来不应该突破220票，你（转向以色列总理）知道吗？本来不可能突破221票，但他们又说不可能突破270票（内塔尼亚胡试图回应，但特朗普继续说，然后装腔作势地说：“我以为他在跟我说话”）。大家的热情很高。我想说，嗯，我们将在这个国家拥有和平，我们将制止犯罪，我们将在这个国家竭尽所能，制止长期存在的种族主义，以及其他所有正在发生的事情，因为长期以来，很多不好的事情一直在发生。我认为我赢得大选的原因之一是我们国家非常非常分裂，非常分裂，我希望能够为此做点什么，你知道，这对我来说非常重要。至于人民，犹太人，这么多朋友，一个恰好现在就在这里的女儿，一个女婿，还有三个可爱的孙辈，我认为在未来三四年或八年里，你会看到一个截然不同的美国，呃，我认为很多美好的事情正在发生，你会看到很多爱，你会看到很多爱。
——特朗普在与以色列总理本雅明·内塔尼亚胡举行的联合新闻发布会上回答记者关于其政府中日益增多的反犹太事件和仇外情绪的问题（2017年2月15日）

The fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive. Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders? Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it?
—Remarks by President Trump to the People of Poland (6 July 2017)
我们这个时代的根本问题是，西方是否有生存的意志。我们是否对我们的价值观充满信心，愿意不惜一切代价捍卫它们？我们是否对我们的公民有足够的尊重，愿意守护我们的边界？面对那些试图颠覆和摧毁我们文明的人，我们是否有意愿和勇气去守护它？
——特朗普总统对波兰人民的讲话（2017年7月6日）

Racism is evil -- and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America. As a candidate I promised to restore law and order to our country and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams, in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in our souls.
—Subsequent statement regarding the violence at a far-right Charlottesville, VA rally held on August 11-12, 2017; Trump calls KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists 'repugnant' (14 August 2017)
种族主义是邪恶的——那些以种族主义的名义制造暴力的人是罪犯和暴徒，包括三K党、新纳粹分子、白人至上主义者和其他仇恨团体，他们与我们美国人所珍视的一切格格不入。那些以偏见的名义传播暴力的人，正打击着美国的核心。作为候选人，我承诺要恢复我们国家的法律和秩序，我们的联邦执法机构正在履行这一承诺。我们将不遗余力地抗争，确保每一位美国儿童都能在远离暴力和恐惧的环境中成长。我们将捍卫和保护所有美国人的神圣权利，我们将共同努力，让这片神圣土地上的每一位公民都能自由地追寻心中的梦想，表达我们灵魂深处的爱与喜悦。
——关于2017年8月11日至12日弗吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔极右翼集会暴力事件的后续声明；特朗普称三K党、新纳粹分子和白人至上主义者“令人厌恶”（2017年8月14日）

You guys know what this represents? Maybe it's the calm before the storm. [Reporter: What's the storm?] Could be the calm, the calm, before the storm. [Reporter: What storm Mr. President?] We have the world's great military people in this room, I'll tell you that, and we're going to have a great evening. [Reporter: What storm Mr. President?] You'll find out.
—Speaking during a photo op at the White House (6 October 2017)
你们知道这代表什么吗？也许是暴风雨前的宁静。[记者：什么是暴风雨？] 可能是暴风雨前的宁静，真正的宁静。[记者：总统先生，什么暴风雨？] 我跟你们说，我们这间屋子里聚集着世界上最伟大的军人，我们将度过一个美好的夜晚。[记者：总统先生，什么暴风雨？] 你们会知道的。
——在白宫拍照时发表讲话（2017年10月6日）

The libel laws are very weak in this country. If they were strong, it would be very helpful. You wouldn't have things like that happen where you can say whatever comes to your head.
—Response to a question regarding Michael Wolff's Fire and Fury, Camp David speech (6 January 2018)
这个国家的诽谤法非常薄弱。如果法律强硬一些，那就大有裨益了。你不会发生那种想说什么就说什么的事情。
——回应关于迈克尔·沃尔夫在戴维营发表《烈火与怒火》演讲的问题（2018年1月6日）

Right now, in a number of states, the laws allow a baby to be born from his or her mother's womb in the ninth month. It is wrong, it has to change.
—As quoted in "Trump just basically said he's anti-childbirth" (19 January 2018), by Rachel Kraus, Mashable
目前，许多州的法律允许婴儿在怀孕九个月后从母亲的子宫中出生。这是错误的，必须改变。
——摘自Mashable网站Rachel Kraus在“特朗普基本上说他反对生育”（2018年1月19日）中的文章

My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern, and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Chain migration is a disaster, and very unfair to our country. The visa lottery is something that should have never been allowed in the first place. People enter a lottery to come into our country. What kind of a system is that? It is time for Congress to act and to protect Americans.
—10 February 2018
本届政府已确定了建立安全、现代、合法移民体系的三大优先事项：全面保障边境安全、终止连锁移民以及取消签证抽签。连锁移民是一场灾难，对我们国家非常不公平。签证抽签本来就不应该被允许。人们通过抽签进入我们的国家。这到底是个什么样的体系？现在是国会采取行动保护美国人民的时候了。
——2018年2月10日

In the meantime, people are suffering because of the Democrats. So we've created, and they've created, and they've let it happen — a massive child-smuggling industry. That's exactly what it's become. Traffickers — if you think about this — human traffickers are making a fortune. It's a disgrace. These loopholes force the release of alien families and minors into the country when they illegally cross the border.
—Remarks by President Trump at Cabinet Meeting Issued on: June 21, 2018
与此同时，民主党人正在让民众受苦。所以我们创造了，他们也创造了，并且任其发展——一个庞大的儿童走私产业。它现在就是这样的。贩卖者——如果你仔细想想——人口贩子正在大发横财。这真是可耻。这些法律漏洞迫使非法越境的外国家庭和未成年人被释放回国。
——特朗普总统内阁会议讲话 发表日期：2018年6月21日

We have the worst laws! How about chain migration? One person comes in and you end up with 32 people. The person that ran down 18 people on the West Side Highway, he's allowed to have -- and I think eight died. He has 22 members of his family in the United States because of chain migration. So we have to change this stuff, Rush,
—1 August 2018 interview with Rush Limbaugh
我们法律最烂！连锁移民怎么办？一个人进来，就得害32个人。那个在西区高速公路上撞死18个人的人，他被允许——我记得死了8个人。因为连锁移民，他有22个家人在美国。所以我们必须改变这种现状，拉什，
——2018年8月1日拉什·林博访谈

I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck. People in this country don't want criminals and people that have lots of problems and drugs pouring into our country. I will take the mantle. I will be the one to shut it down. I won't blame you for it. The last time, you shut it down. It didn't work. I will take the mantle of shutting it down.
—Oval Office meeting with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, leading to the 2018–19 United States federal government shutdown. "Trump 'proud' to shut down government in wall talks with Democrats", United Press International (December 12, 2018)
查克，我很自豪地为了边境安全关闭政府。这个国家的人民不希望罪犯、问题重重的人和毒品涌入我们的国家。我会承担起这个责任，我会成为关闭政府的人。我不会因此责怪你。上次是你关闭了政府，但没成功。我会承担关闭政府的责任。
——在椭圆形办公室与南希·佩洛西和查克·舒默的会面，导致了2018-19年美国联邦政府关门。“特朗普在与民主党人谈判修墙时‘自豪地’关闭政府”，合众国际社（2018年12月12日）

This evening we thank God for the brave sons of the United Kingdom and the United States who defeated the Nazis and the Nazi regime and liberated millions from tyranny. The bond between our nations was forever sealed in that "Great Crusade." As we honor our shared victory and heritage, we affirm the common values that will unite us long into the future: freedom, sovereignty, self-determination, the rule of law, and reverence for the rights given to us by Almighty God. From the Second World War to today, Her Majesty has stood as a constant symbol of these priceless traditions. She has embodied the spirit of dignity, duty, and patriotism that beats proudly in every British heart. On behalf of all Americans, I offer a toast to the eternal friendship of our people, the vitality of our nations, and to the long, cherished, and truly remarkable reign of Her Majesty the Queen. Thank you.
—3 June 2019
今晚，我们感谢上帝，感谢英美两国的英勇子弟，他们击败了纳粹和纳粹政权，将数百万人民从暴政中解放出来。我们两国之间的纽带在那场“伟大的十字军东征”中被永远铭刻。在我们纪念共同的胜利和传统之际，我们重申那些将我们长久团结在一起的共同价值观：自由、主权、自决、法治以及对全能上帝赋予我们的权利的敬畏。从二战至今，女王陛下始终是这些宝贵传统的象征。她体现了尊严、责任和爱国精神，这些精神在每个英国人心中都自豪地跳动着。我代表全体美国人民，为我们两国永恒的友谊、我们两国的活力，以及女王陛下漫长、珍贵且非凡的统治干杯。谢谢。
—2019年6月3日

I WANT NOTHING I WANT NOTHING I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO. TELL ZELLINSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING. THIS IS THE FINAL WORD FROM THE PRES. OF THE U.S.
—Remarks on a notepad, White House lawn, November 20, after Ambassador Gordon Sondland's testimony.
我什么都不要，我什么都不要，我不要任何交换条件。告诉泽林斯基做正确的事。这是美国总统的最后发言。
——11月20日，戈登·桑德兰大使作证后，在白宫草坪上，一张记事本上的评论。

There are a lot of dishonest slimeballs out there. Dishonest scum. Dirty cops, lot of dirty cops … the ones on top, they were absolute scum.
—Trump described former senior law enforcement officials who were involved in the FBI probes into his campaign, as quoted in Tom Embury-Dennis (20 February 2020), "Trump repeatedly struggles to pronounce words during conspiracy-laden rally, before suggesting he'll pardon Roger Stone in late-night tweet", Independent
世上有很多不诚实的卑鄙小人。不诚实的败类。肮脏的警察，很多肮脏的警察……那些位高权重的，他们绝对是败类。
——特朗普这样描述参与联邦调查局调查其竞选活动的前高级执法官员，引自汤姆·埃姆伯里-丹尼斯（2020年2月20日），“特朗普在充满阴谋论的集会上多次吐字不清，然后在深夜推文中暗示将赦免罗杰·斯通”，《独立报》

No, I don't take responsibility at all, because we were given a set of circumstances and we were given rules, regulations and specifications from a different time.
—Asked if he took responsibility for the lag in coronavirus testing. White House press conference, 2020-03-13, quoted in Zachary Halaschak (13 March 2020), "'I don't take responsibility at all': Trump pushes back on complaints about coronavirus testing", Washington Examiner
不，我根本不承担责任，因为我们当时的情况和规章制度都是在不同时期制定的。
——被问及他是否对新冠病毒检测滞后负责。白宫新闻发布会，2020年3月13日，转载自Zachary Halaschak（2020年3月13日），“‘我根本不承担责任’：特朗普驳斥有关新冠病毒检测的投诉”，《华盛顿观察家报》

Yeah. I tested positively toward negative, right? So, no, I tested perfectly this morning, meaning—meaning I tested negative... But that’s a way of saying it: positively toward the negative.
—On having had a coronavirus test, spoken to reporters on the White House lawn, 2020-05-21. Bethania Palma (22 May 2020), Did Trump Say He ‘Tested Very Positively’ for COVID-19, Meaning Negative?, Snopes, retrieved on May 22, 2020
是的。我的检测结果呈阳性，接近阴性，对吧？所以，不，我今天早上的检测结果完全正常，也就是说——也就是说我的检测结果呈阴性……但这只是一种说法：呈阳性，接近阴性。
——关于新冠病毒检测，2020年5月21日在白宫草坪上接受记者采访时。Bethania Palma（2020年5月22日），《特朗普说他的新冠病毒检测结果“非常阳性”，意思是阴性吗？》，Snopes，检索于2020年5月22日

Against every law of society and nature, our children are taught in school to hate their own country and to believe that the men and women who built it were not heroes but that were villains. The radical view of American history is a web of lies, all perspective is removed, every virtue is obscured, every motive is twisted, every fact is distorted, and every flaw is magnified until the history is purged and the record is disfigured beyond all recognition.
—As quoted by Valerie Strauss (3 July 2020), "Biden tells teachers they have ‘the most important’ job on same day Trump says they teach children to ‘hate their country’", Independent
我们的孩子在学校里被教导仇恨自己的国家，并相信建立这个国家的男男女女不是英雄，而是恶棍，这违背了社会和自然的一切规律。这种对美国历史的激进看法是一张谎言之网，所有视角都被抹去，所有美德都被掩盖，所有动机都被扭曲，所有事实都被歪曲，所有缺陷都被放大，直到历史被清除，记录被毁容得面目全非。
——瓦莱丽·施特劳斯（2020年7月3日）引用：“拜登告诉教师们，他们肩负着‘最重要的’职责，而特朗普却在同一天说他们教孩子们‘仇恨自己的国家’”，《独立报》

Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
—As quoted by Susan Heavey (11 July 2020), "Doctors, teachers reject Trump's pressure to reopen U.S. schools", Reuters
太多大学和学校系统只关心激进左翼思想的灌输，而非教育本身。因此，我敦促财政部重新审视其免税资格和/或拨款，如果这种宣传或违反公共政策的行为持续下去，这些资格和/或拨款将被取消。我们的孩子必须接受教育，而不是被灌输思想！
——Susan Heavey（2020年7月11日）报道，“医生和教师拒绝特朗普要求美国学校重新开放的压力”，路透社

In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court!
—As quoted by Quint Forgey (3 August 2020), "Trump threatens lawsuit to block mail-in voting in Nevada", Politico
内华达州州长在深夜非法政变中，让共和党无法赢得该州。邮局在毫无准备的情况下根本无法处理邮寄投票的流量。利用新冠疫情窃取该州。法庭上见！
——引自 Quint Forgey（2020 年 8 月 3 日），“特朗普威胁提起诉讼，阻止内华达州邮寄投票”，Politico

Europe has experienced a nearly 40% higher excess mortality rate than the United States
—Claimed about the coronavirus, as quoted by Jessica McDonald (11 August 2020), "Trump Touts Misleading and Flawed Excess Mortality Statistic", FactCheck.org
欧洲的超额死亡率比美国高出近40%
——关于新冠病毒的说法，引自杰西卡·麦克唐纳（2020年8月11日），“特朗普吹捧误导性和有缺陷的超额死亡率统计数据”，FactCheck.org

We're going to have sheriffs, and we're going to have law enforcement, and we're going to have, hopefully, US attorneys, and we're going to have everybody and attorney generals [sic]
—Trump told about his plan for monitoring and preventing voter fraud, as quoted by Tara Subramariam (21 August 2020), "Fact Check: Can the President send law enforcement officers to polling places?", CNN
我们将设立警长，我们将设立执法部门，我们希望还有美国检察官，我们将拥有所有人和司法部长[原文如此]
——特朗普谈到他的监控和预防选民欺诈的计划，引自塔拉·苏布拉马里亚姆（2020年8月21日）的报道，《事实核查：总统可以派执法人员到投票站吗？》，CNN

Left-wing mobs have torn down statues of our founders, desecrated our memorials, and carried out a campaign of violence and anarchy. Far-left demonstrators have chanted the words “America was never great.” The left has launched a vicious and violent assault on law enforcement — the universal symbol of the rule of law in America. These radicals have been aided and abetted by liberal politicians, establishment media, and even large corporations. Whether it is the mob on the street, or the cancel culture in the boardroom, the goal is the same: to silence dissent, to scare you out of speaking the truth, and to bully Americans into abandoning their values, their heritage, and their very way of life.
—Remarks by President Trump at the White House Conference on American History (17 September 2020)
左翼暴徒推倒了我们开国元勋的雕像，亵渎了我们的纪念碑，并发起了一场暴力和无政府主义运动。极左翼示威者高呼“美国从未伟大过”。左翼对执法部门——美国法治的普遍象征——发起了恶毒而暴力的攻击。这些激进分子得到了自由派政客、主流媒体甚至大型企业的帮助和怂恿。无论是街头的暴徒，还是董事会会议室里的“取消文化”，其目标都是一样的：压制异议，吓唬你不敢说真话，胁迫美国人放弃他们的价值观、他们的传统以及他们的生活方式。
——特朗普总统在白宫美国历史会议上的讲话（2020年9月17日）

The radicals burning American flags want to burn down the principles enshrined in our founding documents, including the bedrock principle of equal justice under law. In order to radically transform America, they must first cause Americans to lose confidence in who we are, where we came from, and what we believe. As I said at Mount Rushmore — which they would love to rip down and it rip it down fast, and that’s never going to happen — two months ago, the left-wing cultural revolution is designed to overthrow the American Revolution.
—Remarks by President Trump at the White House Conference on American History (17 September 2020)
焚烧美国国旗的激进分子想要焚烧我们建国文献中所载的原则，包括法律面前人人平等的基石原则。为了彻底改变美国，他们必须首先让美国人对自己是谁、我们来自哪里以及我们的信仰失去信心。正如我在拉什莫尔山上所说——他们渴望推倒这座山，而且会迅速推倒，但这永远不会发生——两个月前，左翼文化革命的目的是推翻美国革命。
——特朗普总统在白宫美国历史会议上的讲话（2020年9月17日）

They say he was born in Scranton, but he left, he left. He abandoned you.
—Trump referred back to when Joe Biden was 10 years old and the family moved from Pennsylvania to Delaware because his father started in a new job, as quoted by Daniel Dale (14 October 2020), "Fact check: Trump continues dishonesty bombardment at Pennsylvania rally", CNN
据说他出生在斯克兰顿，但他离开了，离开了。他抛弃了你。
——特朗普提到乔·拜登10岁时，由于父亲开始了一份新工作，全家从宾夕法尼亚州搬到了特拉华州。引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年10月14日）的报道，“事实核查：特朗普继续在宾夕法尼亚州的集会上进行不诚实的轰炸”，CNN

Did you see they found 50,000 ballots in like a river?
Even without the vaccine, the pandemic's going to end. It's gonna run its course. It's gonna end. They'll go crazy. He said 'without the vaccine' -- watch, it'll be a headline tomorrow. These people are crazy. No, it's running its course. We're rounding the turn. You see the numbers, and we're rounding the turn.
The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level.
Since the China virus, we have created --- a record in the history of our country -- 11.4 million jobs over just a short period of months.
We're now setting records for employment, unemployment. We're setting all sorts of records economically
I signed a bill that gives you 10 years in jail if you rip down any federal statue.
Mexico is paying for the wall.
We gave the greatest -- the biggest tax cut in history.
—Claimed as quoted by Daniel Dale (20 October 2020), "Fact-checking Trump's dishonest weekend: The President made at least 66 false or misleading claims in three days", CNN
你看到他们像河里一样发现了5万张选票吗？
即使没有疫苗，疫情也会结束。它会自然消退。它会结束。他们会疯掉的。他说“没有疫苗”——你看，明天就会成为头条新闻。这些人疯了。不，疫情正在自然消退。我们正在扭转局面。你看这些数字，我们正在扭转局面。
美国的病例比其他国家多，而那些蹩脚的假新闻媒体每天都在抨击这一点，因为美国的检测水平如此之高（而且成本如此之高）。
自从中国病毒爆发以来，我们在短短几个月内创造了1140万个就业岗位——创下了我国历史上的纪录。
我们现在正在创造就业和失业的纪录。我们正在创造各种经济纪录。
我签署了一项法案，如果你撕毁任何联邦法规，你将被判处10年监禁。
墨西哥正在为这堵墙买单。
我们实施了史上最大的——最大的减税。
——据丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年10月20日）报道，CNN称，“核实特朗普不诚实的周末：总统在三天内至少发表了66条虚假或误导性言论”。

He’ll bury you in regulations, dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders, confiscate your guns, terminate religious liberty, destroy your suburbs.
If you vote for Biden, it means no kids in school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas and no Fourth of July together
—Claimed about Democrat President Candidate Joe Biden, as quoted by Darlene Superville (29 October 2020), "With typical hyperbole, Trump paints apocalyptic portrait of life under Biden", The Times of Israel
他会用法规埋葬你们，解散你们的警察局，瓦解我们的边界，没收你们的枪支，终止你们的宗教自由，摧毁你们的郊区。
如果你投票给拜登，就意味着孩子们无法上学，没有毕业典礼，没有婚礼，没有感恩节，没有圣诞节，也没有独立日。
——达琳·苏佩维尔（Darlene Superville）在2020年10月29日评论民主党总统候选人乔·拜登时说：“特朗普用典型的夸张手法，描绘了拜登治下末日般的生活”，《以色列时报》

We were getting ready to win this election. Frankly, we did win this election. This is a major fraud on our nation. We want the law to be used in a proper manner. So we’ll be going to the U.S. Supreme Court. We want all voting to stop.
—Claimed as quoted by Trevor Hunnicutt, Jeff Mason (3 November 2020), "U.S. presidency still undecided; Biden opens leads in key Midwestern states", Reuters
我们正准备赢得这场选举。坦白说，我们确实赢得了这场选举。这是对我们国家的重大欺诈。我们希望法律得到妥善运用。所以我们将诉诸美国最高法院。我们希望所有投票都停止。
——据特雷弗·亨尼卡特、杰夫·梅森（2020年11月3日）报道，“美国总统大选仍悬而未决；拜登在中西部关键州领先”，路透社

Rudy, you did a great job. He's got guts. You know what? He's got guts, unlike a lot of people in the Republican Party. He's got guts. He fights, he fights.
..
Our brightest days are before us, our greatest achievements still wait. I think one of our great achievements will be election security because nobody until I came along, had any idea how corrupt our elections were. And again, most people would stand there at 9:00 in the evening and say, “I want to thank you very much,” and they go off to some other life, but I said, “Something’s wrong here. Something’s really wrong. Can’t have happened.” And we fight. We fight like Hell and if you don’t fight like Hell, you’re not going to have a country anymore.
..
After this, we’re going to walk down and I’ll be there with you. We’re going to walk down. We’re going to walk down any one you want, but I think right here. We’re going walk down to the Capitol, and we’re going to cheer on our brave senators, and congressmen and women. We’re probably not going to be cheering so much for some of them because you’ll never take back our country with weakness. You have to show strength, and you have to be strong. We have come to demand that Congress do the right thing and only count the electors who have been lawfully slated, lawfully slated. I know that everyone here will soon be marching over to the Capitol building to peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard. Today we will see whether Republicans stand strong for integrity of our elections, but whether or not they stand strong for our country, our country. Our country has been under siege for a long time, far longer than this four-year period.
we’re going to walk down Pennsylvania Avenue, I love Pennsylvania Avenue, and we’re going to the Capitol and we’re going to try and give…
our Republicans, the weak ones, because the strong ones don’t need any of our help,
we’re going to try and give them the kind of pride and boldness that they need to take back our country.
So let’s walk down Pennsylvania Avenue.
—Save America Rally Speech on 6 January 2021
鲁迪，你干得太棒了。他很有胆量。你知道吗？他很有胆量，不像共和党里的很多人。他很有胆量。他一直在战斗，一直在战斗。
……
我们最辉煌的日子还在前方，我们最伟大的成就还在等待着我们。我认为我们最伟大的成就之一将是选举安全，因为在我出现之前，没有人知道我们的选举有多么腐败。再说一次，大多数人会在晚上9点站在那里说：“非常感谢你”，然后他们就去做别的事了，但我说：“这里出了问题。真的出了问题。不可能发生。” 而我们会战斗。我们拼死一搏，如果你不拼死一搏，你的国家就不复存在了。
……
之后，我们会走下去，我会和你在一起。我们会走下去。我们会走下去，你想走谁就走谁，但我想就在这里。我们将走向国会大厦，为我们勇敢的参议员、众议员们欢呼。我们可能不会为他们中的一些人欢呼太多，因为你们永远无法用软弱夺回我们的国家。你们必须展现力量，你们必须坚强。我们来这里是为了要求国会做正确的事，只统计合法提名的选举人。我知道，在座的各位很快都将游行到国会大厦，以和平、爱国的方式表达你们的声音。今天，我们将见证共和党人是否坚定地维护我们选举的公正性，以及他们是否坚定地维护我们的国家。我们的国家长期处于困境之中，远远超过这四年的时间。我们要沿着宾夕法尼亚大道前进，我爱宾夕法尼亚大道，我们要前往国会大厦，我们要努力给予……
我们的共和党人，那些弱势的，因为强势的共和党人不需要我们的任何帮助，
我们要努力给予他们夺回我们国家所需的那种自豪感和勇气。
所以，让我们沿着宾夕法尼亚大道前进吧。
——2021年1月6日“拯救美国”集会演讲

I am asking for everyone at the U.S. Capitol to remain peaceful. No violence! Remember, WE are the Party of law and order – respect the law and our great men and women in blue. Thank you!
—12:13pm tweet on 6 January 2021
我恳请国会大厦的各位保持和平。禁止暴力！记住，我们是维护法律和秩序的政党——尊重法律，尊重我们伟大的蓝衣军官兵。谢谢！
——2021年1月6日下午12:13 推文

Do you miss me yet? Do you miss me?
Mr. McLaughlin just gave me numbers that nobody's ever heard of before, more popular than anybody. That's all of us. It's all of us.
We won the election twice. I mean, you know, think about it ...
But who knows? Who knows? I may even decide to beat them for a third time, OK? For a third time.
This election was rigged. And the Supreme Court and other courts didn't want to do anything about it.
And the only people that should be allowed to vote by mail are people that can be proven to be either very sick or out of the country or military where they can't do it. One day.
And then a Republican president will make a triumphant return to the White House. And I wonder who that will be. I wonder who that will be. Who, who, who will that be, I wonder?
—Quoted by Chris Cillizza (1 March 2021), The 50 most ridiculous lines from Donald Trump's CPAC speech, CNN
你想我了吗？你想我了吗？
麦克劳克林先生刚刚给了我一些闻所未闻、比任何人都更受欢迎的数字。这就是我们所有人。这就是我们所有人。
我们赢了两次选举。我的意思是，你知道，想想看……
但谁知道呢？谁知道呢？我甚至可能决定第三次击败他们，好吗？第三次。
这次选举被操纵了。最高法院和其他法院对此置之不理。
唯一应该被允许邮寄投票的人是那些能够证明病情严重、在国外或参军而无法邮寄投票的人。总有一天。
然后一位共和党总统将凯旋重返白宫。我想知道那会是谁。我想知道那会是谁。我想知道那会是谁，谁，谁，谁？
—引自 Chris Cillizza（2021 年 3 月 1 日），唐纳德·特朗普 CPAC 演讲中最荒谬的 50 句话，CNN

Based on their interviews, I felt it was time to speak up about Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx, two self-promoters trying to reinvent history to cover for their bad instincts and faulty recommendations, which I fortunately almost always overturned. They had bad policy decisions that would have left our country open to China and others, closed to reopening our economy, and years away from an approved vaccine — putting millions of lives at risk
Dr. Birx was a terrible medical advisor, which is why I seldom followed her advice.
I only kept Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx on because they worked for the U.S. government for so long — they are like a bad habit!
—Quoted by Benjamin Din (29 March 2021), Trump lashes out at Fauci and Birx after CNN documentary, Politico
根据他们的采访，我觉得是时候公开批评福奇博士和伯克斯博士了。这两个人自吹自擂，试图重塑历史，以掩盖他们糟糕的直觉和错误的建议，而幸运的是，我几乎总是推翻他们的建议。他们做出了糟糕的政策决定，导致美国对中国和其他国家开放，无法重启经济，并且距离疫苗获批还有数年时间——这将危及数百万人的生命。
伯克斯博士是一位糟糕的医疗顾问，所以我很少听从她的建议。
我之所以继续聘请福奇博士和伯克斯博士，是因为他们在美国政府工作了很长时间——他们就像一个坏习惯！
——引自本杰明·丁（2021年3月29日），特朗普在CNN纪录片播出后猛烈抨击福奇和伯克斯，《政治报》

If I were President right now, with COVID raging back, people being shot and killed in record numbers all over our cities, and the Border totally open with criminals and heavily infected COVID people pouring through our Southern Border and into our communities, the Fake News Media would be having an absolute field day.
—2 August 2021
如果我现在是总统，新冠疫情卷土重来，各城市枪杀人数创历史新高，边境完全开放，犯罪分子和严重感染新冠的人员涌入南部边境，进入我们的社区，假新闻媒体肯定会大肆攻击。
——2021年8月2日

I have quietly said for years that Mitch McConnell is the most overrated man in politics— now I don't have to be quiet anymore.
—Quoted in "Trump Calls Mitch McConnell 'Most Overrated Man in Politics' Ahead of Infrastructure Vote", Newsweek, 10 August 2021
多年来，我一直悄悄地说，米奇·麦康奈尔是政界最被高估的人——现在我不用再保持沉默了。
——摘自《新闻周刊》，“特朗普在基础设施投票前称米奇·麦康奈尔是‘政界最被高估的人’”，2021年8月10日

After years of litigation, I was pleased to have had the opportunity to tell my side of this ridiculous story — Just one more example of baseless harassment of your favorite president
—"Trump faces a pile of civil lawsuits as depositions begin" (October 18, 2021)
经过多年的诉讼，我很高兴有机会讲述我对这件荒唐事的看法——这只是对你最喜欢的总统进行毫无根据的骚扰的又一个例子。
——“随着取证工作的开始，特朗普面临一系列民事诉讼”（2021年10月18日）

The existence of evil in our world is not a reason to disarm law-abiding citizens. The existence of evil is one of the very best reasons to arm law-abiding citizens.
Every time a disturbed or demented person commits a hideous crime there is always a grotesque effort by some in our society to advance their own extreme political agenda.
—Speech at the NRA convention, Houston (May 27, 2022), as cited in "School shooting strengthens case for guns, Donald Trump tells NRA" The Guardian (May 28, 2022)
世上存在邪恶，并非解除守法公民武装的理由。邪恶的存在恰恰是武装守法公民的最好理由之一。
每当一个精神失常或精神错乱的人犯下滔天罪行时，我们社会中总会有人为了推进自己极端的政治议程而做出荒唐的努力。
——在休斯顿美国步枪协会大会上的演讲（2022年5月27日），摘自《卫报》（2022年5月28日）“唐纳德·特朗普告诉美国步枪协会，校园枪击案强化了枪支合法性”

Do you throw the Presidential Election Results of 2020 OUT and declare the RIGHTFUL WINNER, or do you have a NEW ELECTION? A Massive Fraud of this type and magnitude allows for the termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the Constitution.
—cited in "Trump calls for the termination of the Constitution in Truth Social post" CNN Politics (December 4, 2022)
你会否将2020年总统选举结果作废，宣布最终胜出者？还是会举行新的选举？如此类型和规模的大规模欺诈，足以导致所有规则、条例和条款被废除，甚至包括宪法中规定的条款。
——摘自CNN政治版“特朗普呼吁废除宪法真相”社交贴文（2022年12月4日）

Republicans in Congress should defund the DOJ and FBI until they come to their senses. The Democrats have totally weaponized law enforcement in our country and are viciously using this abuse of power to interfere with our already under siege elections!
—Donald Trump calls for defunding federal police after his arrest in New York Truth Social (April 5, 2023)
国会共和党人应该停止资助司法部和联邦调查局，直到他们清醒过来。民主党已经完全将我国的执法部门武器化，并恶意滥用职权干涉我们本已岌岌可危的选举！
——唐纳德·特朗普在纽约“真相社交”被捕后呼吁停止资助联邦警察（2023年4月5日）

I will ask Congress to repeal totally ineffective legislation that makes it harder to protect our schools and easier for criminals to face absolutely no opposition when they go in. I will also create a new tax credit to reimburse any teacher for the full costs of a concealed carry firearm and training from highly qualified experts. Who's better? Who's better? If even 5% of teachers, people that are skilled with arms, we want that. 5% were voluntarily armed and trained to stop active shooters. We would achieve effective deterrence and the problem would cease to exist.
Our country has been chock full of guns for centuries, and there was no talk of massacres of schoolchildren until around the year 2000. That's what it really started. They started talking about it. This is not a gun problem. This is a mental health problem. This is a social problem. This is a cultural problem. This is a spiritual problem.
—From a NRA convention speech in Indianapolis (April 14, 2023), cited in "Trump calls for arming teachers at NRA convention" AP Newsroom (April 15, 2023)
我将要求国会废除那些完全无效的立法，这些立法使得保护我们的学校更加困难，也使得犯罪分子更容易进入校园而不受任何阻拦。我还将设立一项新的税收抵免，用于补偿所有教师隐蔽携带枪支和接受高素质专家培训的全部费用。谁更胜一筹？谁更胜一筹？如果哪怕只有5%的教师，那些精通武器的人——我们希望如此——自愿武装并接受训练以阻止枪击者。我们将实现有效的威慑，问题将不复存在。
几个世纪以来，我们的国家一直充斥着枪支，直到2000年左右才开始谈论学生大屠杀。事情的真正起因就是从那时开始的。他们开始谈论这个问题。这不是枪支问题。这是一个心理健康问题。这是一个社会问题。这是一个文化问题。这是一个精神问题。
—摘自 2023 年 4 月 14 日在印第安纳波利斯举行的美国步枪协会大会演讲，引自美联社新闻编辑室“特朗普在 NRA 大会上呼吁武装教师”（2023 年 4 月 15 日）

For three years, Biden and his radical left allies have waged war on American auto workers in his ridiculous crusade to force everyone into electric cars, ridiculous regulations kill more than half of US auto jobs and decimate the suppliers that they decimated already, decimate the suppliers and it’s going to decimate your jobs.
—Telegraph , Trump headlines Oakland County Republican Party Lincoln Day Dinner
三年来，拜登和他的激进左翼盟友对美国汽车工人发动了战争，他们荒谬地强迫所有人购买电动汽车，荒谬的法规扼杀了美国一半以上的汽车工作岗位，并摧毁了他们已经摧毁的供应商，摧毁供应商，这将摧毁你们的工作。
——《每日电讯报》，特朗普在奥克兰县共和党林肯日晚宴上担任主角

It’s not like the State or Country is coming down on me. It’s a dishonest politician and his gang of Thugs breaking the law in order to get re-elected.
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110859441854770499
这不是州或国家在找我的麻烦。这是一个不诚实的政客和他的暴徒团伙为了连任而违法。
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110859441854770499

David Rivkin, a highly respected Constitutional law scholar, just clearly stated that I have “Constitutionally-based immunity” and “absolute immunity!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110918895000463495
备受尊敬的宪法学者戴维·里夫金刚刚明确表示，我享有“基于宪法的豁免权”和“绝对豁免权”！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110918895000463495

Sean Hannity: Under no circumstances, you are promising America tonight, you would never abuse power as retribution against anybody?
Donald Trump: Except for day one.
Sean Hannity: Except for—
Donald Trump: [aside to audience, pointing at Sean] He's doing great. [to Sean] Except for day one. I want to close the border and I want to drill, drill, drill.
We love this guy. He says, "You’re not going to be a dictator, are ya?" I said: "No, no, no, other than day one. We're closing the border, and we're drilling, drilling, drilling. After that, I'm not a dictator."
—5 December 2023 in Davenport, Iowa town hall, quoted in "Trump to Hannity on Whether He’ll Abuse Power as President: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯". Rolling Stone. 2023-12-05.
肖恩·汉尼提：你今晚向美国保证，无论如何，你都不会滥用权力报复任何人？
唐纳德·特朗普：除了第一天。
肖恩·汉尼提：除了——
唐纳德·特朗普：[对着观众，指着肖恩] 他做得很好。[对肖恩说] 除了第一天。我想关闭边境，我想钻探、钻探、钻探。
我们喜欢他。他说：“你不会成为独裁者，对吧？” 我说：“不，不，不，除了第一天。我们正在关闭边境，我们正在钻探、钻探、钻探。在那之后，我就不是独裁者了。”
——2023年12月5日，爱荷华州达文波特市政厅，引自《特朗普对汉尼提谈他是否会滥用总统权力：¯\_(ツ)_/¯》。《滚石》杂志。2023年12月5日。

Kamala even wants to pass laws to outlaw RED MEAT to stop climate change.
You know what that means? That means no more cows.
I guess eventually she’s gonna mean no more people. Right? No more people.
—Claimed on July 25, 2024, without providing evidence, quoted in "Fact check: Kamala Harris does not want to ban red meat as Trump keeps falsely claiming", Yahoo News (August 1, 2024)
卡玛拉甚至想通过法律禁止食用红肉，以阻止气候变化。
你知道这意味着什么吗？这意味着不再有牛了。
我猜她最终意味着不再有人类了。对吧？不再有人类了。
——2024年7月25日声称，未提供证据，转载自雅虎新闻（2024年8月1日）“事实核查：卡玛拉·哈里斯不想像特朗普一直错误地声称的那样禁止红肉”

They say something happened to me when I got shot. I became nice.
If you don't mind, I'm not going to be nice. Is that okay?
If border czar Harris is in charge, every week they'll bring in a neverending stream of illegal aliens, rapists, blood thirsty killers, child murderers to go after our sons and our daughters.
Everything Kamala touches turns into a total disaster.
—25 July 2024 claims about US Vice President Kamala Harris at a sports arena in Charlotte, cited in "Donald Trump turns his attention to 'radical left lunatic' Kamala Harris in first rally since Biden dropped out", Daily Mail
他们说我中枪后出了点问题。我变得友善了。
如果你不介意的话，我可不会友善。这样可以吗？
如果边境沙皇哈里斯掌权，他们每周都会源源不断地引进非法移民、强奸犯、嗜血杀手、虐童犯来追杀我们的儿女。
卡玛拉碰触到的一切都变成了一场彻底的灾难。
——2024年7月25日，在夏洛特的一个体育场馆，关于美国副总统卡玛拉·哈里斯的言论，引自《每日邮报》的“唐纳德·特朗普在拜登退出后的首次集会上将注意力转向‘极左疯子’卡玛拉·哈里斯”

The worst president in history. And one of the reasons he was so bad, first of all, the Israeli attack would have never happened. Russia would never have attacked Ukraine and we'd have no inflation. And we wouldn't have had the Afghanistan mess if you think of it.
Now she's looking like she wants to be more Trump than Trump if that's possible.She wants to have open borders. And now she's going like she's tough on the border. It's such a lie.
—12 August 2024 in TurboScribe article
史上最糟糕的总统。他之所以如此糟糕，首先是因为以色列的袭击根本不会发生。俄罗斯就不会袭击乌克兰，我们也不会出现通货膨胀。想想看，我们也不会陷入阿富汗的混乱局面。
现在她看起来好像比特朗普更想成为特朗普，如果可能的话。她想要开放边境。现在她又装作在边境问题上很强硬。这简直是一派胡言。
——2024年8月12日 TurboScribe 文章

I watched Sheldon sitting so proud in the White House when we gave Miriam the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
That's the highest award you can get as a civilian.
It's the equivalent of the Congressional Medal of Honor, but civilian version.
It's actually much better because everyone gets the Congressional Medal of Honor, they're soldiers.
They're either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they are dead.
She gets it and she's a healthy, beautiful woman.
And they're rated equal, but she got the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
—"Trump says Medal of Freedom "equivalent" to and "much better" than Medal of Honor, sparking backlash from veterans" CBS News (August 16, 2024)
当我们授予米里亚姆总统自由勋章时，我看到谢尔顿在白宫里骄傲地坐着。
这是平民可以获得的最高奖项。
它相当于国会荣誉勋章，只不过是平民版。
实际上，它要好得多，因为每个人都能获得国会荣誉勋章，他们是士兵。
他们要么因为被子弹击中无数次而身体状况极差，要么已经阵亡。
她获得了它，而且是一位健康美丽的女人。
他们的级别相同，但她获得了总统自由勋章。
——“特朗普称自由勋章“相当于”荣誉勋章，而且“远胜于”荣誉勋章，引发退伍军人强烈反对”——哥伦比亚广播公司新闻（2024年8月16日）

Kamala Harris is the weakest presidential candidate in history on crime.
She’s allowed millions of people to pour through our borders, many from prisons, mental institutions and, indeed, terrorists, coming in at levels never seen before.
What gives her the right to run for president?
She got no votes to Biden’s fourteen million.
She failed in her previous attempt, was the first one out of twenty-two people to quit, never made it to Iowa, and now she’s a presidential candidate?
This is a threat to democracy!
—"'What gives her the right to run?' Trump launches overnight tirade at Kamala Harris", RawStory (August 24, 2024)
卡马拉·哈里斯是历史上在犯罪问题上最软弱的总统候选人。
她允许数百万人涌入美国，其中许多人来自监狱、精神病院，甚至还有恐怖分子，人数之众前所未有。
她凭什么有资格竞选总统？
她没有获得拜登1400万张选票。
她之前的竞选失败了，是22人中第一个退出的，也没能进入爱荷华州，现在她竟然成了总统候选人？
这简直是对民主的威胁！
——“‘她凭什么有资格参选？’特朗普连夜抨击卡马拉·哈里斯”，RawStory（2024年8月24日）

WHEN I WIN, those people that CHEATED will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the Law, which will include long term prison sentences so that this Depravity of Justice does not happen again.
Please beware that this legal exposure extends to Lawyers, Political Operatives, Donors, Illegal Voters, & Corrupt Election Officials. Those involved in unscrupulous behavior will be sought out, caught, and prosecuted at levels, unfortunately, never seen before in our Country.
—Trump threatens long prison sentences for those who ‘cheat’ in the election if he wins, PBS News (September 8, 2024)
当我获胜时，那些作弊的人将受到法律的严惩，包括长期监禁，以防止这种司法不公再次发生。
请注意，这项法律制裁将延伸至律师、政治人物、捐款人、非法选民和腐败的选举官员。那些参与不道德行为的人将被追捕、抓捕，并受到我们国家前所未有的严厉起诉。
——特朗普威胁称，如果他获胜，那些在选举中“作弊”的人将面临长期监禁，PBS新闻（2024年9月8日）

It has been determined that Google has illegally used a system of only revealing and displaying bad stories about Donald J Trump, some made up for this purpose while, at the same time, only revealing good stories about Comrade Kamala Harris. This is an ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, and hopefully the Justice Department will criminally prosecute them for this blatant Interference of Elections. If not, and subject to the Laws of our Country, I will request their prosecution, when I win the Election and become President of the United States.
—From a post on Truth Social, cited in Trump vows to seek criminal charges against Google if re-elected president, The Guardian (September 28, 2024)
经查，谷歌非法使用了一套系统，该系统只披露和展示关于唐纳德·J·特朗普的负面报道，其中一些是为此目的而编造的，同时，只披露关于卡马拉·哈里斯同志的正面报道。这是一种非法行为，希望司法部能够以这种公然干预选举的行为对他们提起刑事诉讼。如果没有司法部，我将根据我国法律，在我赢得大选并成为美国总统后，请求起诉他们。
——摘自《卫报》（2024年9月28日）“Truth Social”上的一篇帖子，该帖子被引用于《特朗普誓言如果连任总统，将对谷歌提起刑事诉讼》

in response to Kamala Harris bringing up Project 2025:
…she knows better than anyone, I have nothing to do with Project 2025. That's out there. I haven't read it. I don't want to read it, purposely. I'm not going to read it. This was a group of people that got together, they came up with some ideas. I guess some good, some bad. But it makes no difference. I have nothing to do -- everybody knows I'm an open book. Everybody knows what I'm going to do. Cut taxes very substantially. And create a great economy like I did before.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
回应卡马拉·哈里斯提起“2025计划”：
……她比任何人都清楚，我与“2025计划”无关。那是公开的。我没读过。我故意不想读。我也不会去读。这只是一群人聚在一起，想出了一些主意。我想有些好，有些坏。但这都无所谓。我没什么事可做——每个人都知道我是个透明人。每个人都知道我要做什么。大幅减税。像以前一样创造一个伟大的经济。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

regarding inflation during the Biden presidency:
I had no inflation, virtually no inflation, they had the highest inflation, perhaps in the history of our country because I've never seen a worse period of time. People can't go out and buy cereal bacon or eggs or anything else. These the people of our country are absolutely dying with what they've done. They've destroyed the economy and all you have to do it look at a poll. The polls say 80 and 85 and even 90% that the Trump economy was great that their economy was terrible.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
关于拜登总统任期内的通货膨胀：
我没有通货膨胀，几乎没有通货膨胀，而他们经历了我们国家历史上最高的通货膨胀，因为我从未见过比这更糟糕的时期。人们无法出去买麦片、培根、鸡蛋或其他任何东西。我们国家的人民正因他们的所作所为而濒临死亡。他们摧毁了经济，你只需要看看民调就知道了。民调显示，80%、85%甚至90%的人认为特朗普时期的经济很好，而他们的经济很糟糕。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

But when you look at what she's done to our country and when you look at these millions and millions of people that are pouring into our country monthly where it's I believe 21 million people, not the 15 that people say, and I think it's a lot higher than the 21. That's bigger than New York state. Pouring in. And just look at what they're doing to our country. They're criminals. Many of these people coming in are criminals. And that's bad for our economy too.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
但看看她对我们国家的所作所为，看看每月涌入我们国家的数百万人，我相信有2100万人，而不是人们所说的1500万人，而且我认为远高于2100万人。这比纽约州的人口还要多。涌入。看看他们对我们国家做了什么。他们是罪犯。很多涌入的人都是罪犯。这对我们的经济也有害。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

No, I don’t acknowledge that at all.
DAVID MUIR: But you did say that.
Our elections are bad. And a lot of these illegal immigrants coming in, they’re trying to get them to vote. They can’t even speak English. They don’t even know what country they’re in practically. And these people are trying to get them to vote. And that’s why they’re allowing them to come into our country.
DAVID MUIR: Are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020?
I said that sarcastically. You know that. It was said, oh we lost by a whisker. That was said sarcastically. Look, there’s so much proof. All you have to do is look at it. And they should have sent it back to the legislatures for approval. I got almost 75 million votes. The most votes any sitting president has ever gotten. I was told if I got 63, which was what I got in 2016, you can’t be beaten. The election, people should never be thinking about an election as fraudulent. We need two things. We need walls. We need — and we have to have it. We have to have borders. And we have to have good elections.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
不，我完全不承认这一点。
大卫·缪尔：但你确实这么说过。
我们的选举很糟糕。很多非法移民进来，他们试图说服他们投票。他们甚至不会说英语。他们甚至不知道自己实际上在哪个国家。而这些人试图说服他们投票。这就是他们允许他们进入我们国家的原因。
大卫·缪尔：你现在承认你在2020年大选中失败了吗？
我当时是带着讽刺的语气说的。你知道的。有人说，哦，我们输得有点儿微弱。那是带着讽刺的语气说的。你看，证据这么多。你只需要看看就行了。他们应该把法案送回立法机关批准。我获得了近7500万张选票。这是历任总统获得的最多选票。有人告诉我，如果我得了63票，就像我在2016年那样，你就不会被打败。关于选举，人们永远不应该认为选举是舞弊的。我们需要两样东西。我们需要墙。我们需要——而且我们必须有它。我们必须有边界。我们必须有好的选举。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

KAMALA HARRIS: …And world leaders are laughing at Donald Trump. I have talked with military leaders, some of whom worked with you. And they say you’re a disgrace….
DAVID MUIR: I’ll give you one minute to respond, Mr. President.
Let me just tell you about world leaders. Viktor Orban, one of the most respected men — they call him a strong man. He’s a tough person. Smart. Prime Minister of Hungary. They said why is the whole world blowing up? Three years ago it wasn’t. Why is it blowing up? He said because you need Trump back as president. They were afraid of him. China was afraid. And I don’t like to use the word afraid but I’m just quoting him. China was afraid of him. North Korea was afraid of him. Look at what’s going on with North Korea, by the way. He said Russia was afraid of him….
Look, Viktor Orban said it. He said the most respected, most feared person is Donald Trump. We had no problems when Trump was president. But when this weak pathetic man that you saw at a debate just a few months ago that if he weren’t in that debate he’d be running instead of her, she got no votes, he got 14 million votes, what you did, you talk about a threat to democracy. He got 14 million votes [in the primaries] and they threw him out of office. And you know what? I’ll give you a little secret. He hates her. He can’t stand her…. But he had 14 million votes. They threw them out. She got zero votes. And when she ran, she was the first one to leave because she failed. And now she’s running. I don’t understand it but I’m okay with it – because I think we’re going to do pretty well.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：……世界各国领导人都在嘲笑唐纳德·特朗普。我和一些军方领导人谈过，其中一些人曾与你共事。他们说你丢人现眼……
戴维·缪尔：总统先生，我给你一分钟时间回复。
我先给你讲讲世界各国领导人。维克托·奥尔班，最受尊敬的人之一——人们称他为强人。他很坚强，也很聪明。他是匈牙利总理。他们问为什么整个世界都崩溃了？三年前还没有。为什么现在会崩溃？他说因为你们需要特朗普回来当总统。他们害怕他。中国害怕。我不喜欢用“害怕”这个词，我只是引用他的话。中国害怕他。朝鲜害怕他。顺便说一句，看看朝鲜现在的情况。他说俄罗斯害怕他……
你看，维克托·奥尔班就是这么说的。他说最受尊敬、最令人畏惧的人是唐纳德·特朗普。特朗普担任总统时，我们没有任何问题。但几个月前，你在一场辩论中看到的这个软弱可怜的男人，如果他不参加那场辩论，他就会代替她参选，她没有得到任何选票，而他得到了1400万张选票，你所做的，你说这是对民主的威胁。他（在初选中）获得了1400万张选票，但他们却把他赶下了台。你知道吗？我告诉你一个小秘密。他恨她。他受不了她……但他有1400万张选票。他们把它们都扔掉了。她一票未得。当她参选时，她是第一个因为失败而退出的人。现在她参选了。我不明白，但我接受——因为我认为我们会做得很好。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

I built one of the greatest economies in the history of the world and I'm going to build it again. It's going to be bigger, better and stronger. But they're destroying our economy. They have no idea what a good economy is. Their oil policies -- every single policy -- and remember this. She is Biden. She's trying to get away from Biden. I don't know the gentleman, she says. She is Biden. The worst inflation we've ever had. A horrible economy because inflation has made it so bad and she can't get away with that.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
我建立了世界历史上最伟大的经济体之一，我还要再次建设它。它会更大、更好、更强。但他们正在摧毁我们的经济。他们根本不知道什么是好的经济。他们的石油政策——每一项政策——记住这一点。她是拜登。她想摆脱拜登。“我不认识那位先生，”她说。“她就是拜登。”“我们经历了有史以来最严重的通货膨胀。一个糟糕的经济，因为通货膨胀把它搞得一团糟，她不能逃脱惩罚。”
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

Closing Statement:
…We're a failing nation. We're a nation that's in serious decline. We're being laughed at all over the world. All over the world, they laugh, I know the leaders very well. They're coming to see me. They call me. We're laughed at all over the world. They don't understand what happened to us as a nation. We're not a leader. We don't have any idea what's going on. We have wars going on in the Middle East. We have wars going on with Russia and Ukraine. We're going to end up in a third World War. And it will be a war like no other because of nuclear weapons, the power of weaponry. I rebuilt our entire military. She gave a lot of it away to the Taliban. She gave it to Afghanistan. What these people have done to our country, and maybe toughest of all is allowing millions of people to come into our country, many of them are criminals, and they're destroying our country. The worst president, the worst vice president in the history of our country.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
结束语：
……我们是一个正在走向失败的国家。我们是一个正在严重衰落的国家。全世界都在嘲笑我们。全世界都在嘲笑我们，我很了解那些领导人。他们来见我，打电话给我。我们被全世界嘲笑。他们不明白我们这个国家经历了什么。我们不是领导者。我们根本不知道发生了什么。我们在中东地区战火纷飞。我们与俄罗斯和乌克兰的战争仍在继续。我们最终将陷入第三次世界大战。而且，由于核武器，由于武器的威力，这将是一场前所未有的战争。我重建了我们的整个军队。她把大部分军队拱手让给了塔利班。她把军队拱手让给了阿富汗。这些人对我们国家所做的，或许最残酷的，就是允许数百万人进入我们的国家，其中许多人是罪犯，他们正在摧毁我们的国家。我们国家历史上最糟糕的总统，最糟糕的副总统。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

He who saves his Country does not violate any Law
—Taken from Truth Social, quoted in Trump suggests he’s above the law with ominous Napoleon quote Independent (February 16, 2025)
拯救国家者，不违犯任何法律
——摘自《真相社会》，引自《独立报》（2025年2月16日）特朗普引用拿破仑的名言，暗示他凌驾于法律之上

Is Maine here, the governor of Maine?
Governor Janet Mills: I’m here.
Are you not going to comply with [the executive order signed on transgender athletes]?
Mills: I’m complying with state and federal laws.
We are the federal law. Well, you better do it, you better do it, because you’re not going to get any federal funding at all if you don’t.
Mills: We’re going to follow the law.
You’d better comply. Otherwise, you’re not getting any federal funding.
Mills: We’ll see you in court.
Good, I’ll see you in court. I look forward to that. That should be a real easy one. And enjoy your life after governor because I don’t think you’ll be in elected politics.
—Trump spars with Maine’s governor at the White House over transgender athletes NBC News (February 21, 2025)
缅因州州长在吗？
州长珍妮特·米尔斯：我在。
你不打算遵守[关于跨性别运动员签署的行政命令]吗？
米尔斯：我遵守州法律和联邦法律。
我们就是联邦法律。好吧，你最好照做，最好照做，因为如果你不这样做，你根本拿不到任何联邦资金。
米尔斯：我们会遵守法律。
你最好遵守。否则，你拿不到任何联邦资金。
米尔斯：我们法庭上见。
很好，法庭上见。我期待着。那应该很容易。祝你卸任州长后生活愉快，因为我觉得你不会再从事民选政治了。
——特朗普在白宫与缅因州州长就跨性别运动员问题争执不休 NBC新闻（2025年2月21日）

We’ll get Greenland. Yeah, 100%. ….
No, I never take military force off the table. But I think there's a good possibility that we could do it without military force. We have an obligation to protect the world. This is world peace, this is international security. And I have that obligation while I'm president. No, I don't take anything off the table.
—From an interview with NBC News referenced in Trump says U.S. will 'get Greenland,' military force may not be needed but not ruled out USA Today (March 29,2025)
我们会拿下格陵兰岛。是的，100%！……
不，我从不排除动用武力的可能性。但我认为，我们很有可能在不使用武力的情况下做到这一点。我们有义务保护世界。这是世界和平，这是国际安全。我担任总统期间也有这个义务。不，我不会排除任何可能性。
——摘自特朗普称美国将“拿下格陵兰岛”时接受NBC新闻采访时所说，军事力量可能不需要，但不排除，《今日美国》（2025年3月29日）

Homegrown criminals next. I said homegrowns are next, the homegrowns. You gotta build about five more [prisons]…. [The notorious Salvadoran mega-prison] is not big enough… If it's a homegrown criminal, I have no problem. Now we're studying the laws right now, Pam [Bondi] is studying. If we can do that, that's good…. And I'm talking about violent people. I'm talking about really bad people. Really bad people. Every bit as bad as the ones coming in.
—Speaking to El Salvador's President Nayib Bukele, referring to US citizens accused of crimes being the next ones sent to Salvadoran prisons, reported in 'Homegrowns are next': Trump doubles down on sending American 'criminals' to foreign prisons ABC News (April 14, 2025)
接下来是本土罪犯。我说接下来是本土罪犯，本土罪犯。你得再建五座[监狱]……[臭名昭著的萨尔瓦多巨型监狱]不够大……如果是本土罪犯，我没问题。现在我们正在研究法律，帕姆[邦迪]也在研究。如果我们能做到，那就太好了……我说的是暴力分子。我说的是真正坏的人。非常坏的人。和进来的人一样坏。
——在与萨尔瓦多总统纳伊布·布克尔的谈话中，他提到被控犯罪的美国公民将是下一个被送往萨尔瓦多监狱的人，报道见《“接下来是本土罪犯”：特朗普加倍将美国“罪犯”送往外国监狱》ABC新闻（2025年4月14日）

Great Pollster John McLaughlin, one of the most highly respected in the industry, has just stated that The Failing New York Times Poll, and the ABC/Washington Post Poll, about a person named DONALD J. TRUMP, ME, are FAKE POLLS FROM FAKE NEWS ORGANIZATIONS. The New York Times has only 37% Trump 2024 voters, and the ABC/Washington Post Poll has only 34% Trump Voters, unheard of numbers unless looking for a negative result, which they are. These people should be investigated for ELECTION FRAUD, and add in the FoxNews Pollster while you’re at it. They are Negative Criminals who apologize to their subscribers and readers after I WIN ELECTIONS BIG, much bigger than their polls showed I would win, loose a lot of credibility, and then go on cheating and lying for the next cycle, only worse. They suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome, and there is nothing that anyone, or anything, can do about it. THEY ARE SICK, almost only write negative stories about me no matter how well I am doing (99.9% at the Border, BEST NUMBER EVER!), AND ARE TRULY THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! I wish them well, but will continue to fight to, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
—"Trump lashes out against "fake polls" as his approval ratings sink", Axios (April 28, 2025)
伟大的民意调查专家约翰·麦克劳克林是业内最受尊敬的人之一，他刚刚表示，《纽约时报》的失败民意调查和美国广播公司/华盛顿邮报的民意调查，关于一个名叫唐纳德·J·特朗普的人，都是假新闻机构的假民意调查。《纽约时报》只有 37% 的特朗普 2024 年选民，美国广播公司/华盛顿邮报的民意调查只有 34% 的特朗普选民，除非他们想要一个负面结果，否则这个数字是闻所未闻的，而他们就是在寻找负面结果。这些人应该因选举舞弊而接受调查，顺便加上福克斯新闻的民意调查专家。他们是负面罪犯，在我大获全胜后向他们的订阅者和读者道歉，我的胜率远远超过他们的民意调查显示的胜率，失去了很多信誉，然后在下一个周期继续作弊和撒谎，只会更糟。他们患上了特朗普精神错乱综合症，任何人、任何事都无能为力。他们简直病态，几乎只写我的负面报道，无论我做得多么好（边境检查的通过率高达99.9%，史上最高！），他们简直就是人民的敌人！我祝他们一切顺利，但我会继续奋斗，让美国再次伟大！
——“特朗普支持率下滑，猛烈抨击‘虚假民调’”，Axios（2025年4月28日）

I don't know. I have to respond by saying, again, I have brilliant lawyers that work for me, and they are going to obviously follow what the Supreme Court said. What you said is not what I heard the Supreme Court said. They have a different interpretation.
—When asked whether he, as president, needs to abide by the Constitution and the rights it provides to people in the U.S., as reported in Does a president need to uphold the Constitution? Trump says 'I don't know' NPR (May 4, 2025)
我不知道。我必须再次强调，我有优秀的律师为我工作，他们显然会遵循最高法院的裁决。你说的和我听到的最高法院的说法不一样。他们有不同的解读。
——当被问及作为总统，他是否需要遵守宪法及其赋予美国人民的权利时，正如NPR在《总统需要维护宪法吗？》中报道的那样，特朗普说“我不知道”。（2025年5月4日）

I thought today's women were independent and had a lot of sexual freedom. ... Well, I guess they fooled me.
—In April 2006, about women's disaproval of one-night stands. As quoted in Trump on Clinton in 2008: ‘She'd make a good president' (July 11, 2016) by Michael Rothfield and Mark Maremont, MarketWatch.
我以为如今的女性很独立，拥有很多性自由……好吧，看来她们骗了我。
——2006年4月，关于女性反对一夜情。引自迈克尔·罗斯菲尔德和马克·马雷蒙特在《MarketWatch》上发表的2008年特朗普评价克林顿的文章：“她会成为一位好总统”（2016年7月11日）

I start off every time I talk about the birthers, I start off by saying, and it's very interesting, I was a great student at the best college in the country. You know? I want to let people know. I'm a smart guy. Because what they do to the birthers, and I don't even like the term, the birthers. I think it's unfair to them. These are people that want to see a birth certificate. They want to know that the president was born here!
—About Barack Obama's birth certificate. Fox & Friends, Fox News, 28 March 2011. "Fox Goes Birther: Trump Tells Unquestioning Co-hosts, "I'm Starting To Wonder...Whether Or Not [Obama] Was Born In This Country"", Media Matters for America, 28 March 2011, retrieved on 2011-03-30
每次我谈到出生地质疑者，我都会先说，这很有意思，我曾是全国最好的大学的优秀学生。你知道吗？我想让人们知道。我是个聪明人。因为他们对待出生地质疑者——我甚至不喜欢“出生地质疑者”这个词——的做法。我认为这对他们不公平。这些人想看出生证明。他们想知道总统出生在这里！
——关于巴拉克·奥巴马的出生证明。《福克斯与朋友们》，福克斯新闻，2011年3月28日。“福克斯谈出生地质疑者：特朗普告诉毫无疑问的联合主持人，“我开始怀疑……[奥巴马]是否出生在这个国家””，《美国媒体事务》，2011年3月28日，检索于2011年3月30日

Because if you're not born in the United States, you cannot be president. And, there is a real question. And if this birth certificate exists, you know what I get a kick out of? The Governor of Hawaii says, "I remember when he was born 50 years ago." I doubt it. I think this guy should be investigated. I doubt it. He remembers when Obama was born? Give me a break! He's just trying to do something for his party. The fact is, if you're not born in the United States, you cannot be president. He is having a hard time — he spent millions of dollars trying to get away from this issue, millions of dollars in legal fees trying to get away from this issue. And I'll tell you what, I brought it up just routinely and all of a sudden, a lot of facts are emerging, and I'm starting to wonder myself whether or not he was born in this country.
—About Barack Obama's birth certificate. Fox & Friends, Fox News, 28 March 2011. "Fox Goes Birther: Trump Tells Unquestioning Co-hosts, "I'm Starting To Wonder...Whether Or Not [Obama] Was Born In This Country"", Media Matters for America, 28 March 2011, retrieved on 2011-03-30
因为如果你不是在美国出生，你就不能当总统。而且，这确实是一个问题。如果这份出生证明真的存在，你知道我会因为什么而兴奋吗？夏威夷州长说：“我记得他50年前出生的时候。” 我对此表示怀疑。我觉得应该调查这个人。我对此表示怀疑。他还记得奥巴马出生的时候吗？饶了我吧！他只是想为他的政党做点什么。事实是，如果你不是在美国出生，你就不能当总统。他现在很为难——他花了数百万美元试图逃避这个问题，数百万美元的律师费试图逃避这个问题。我告诉你，我只是例行公事地提起这件事，突然之间，很多事实浮出水面，我开始怀疑他是否出生在这个国家。
——关于巴拉克·奥巴马的出生证明。 Fox & Friends，福克斯新闻，2011 年 3 月 28 日。“福克斯探讨出生地：特朗普对毫不怀疑的联合主持人说，‘我开始怀疑……奥巴马是否出生在这个国家’”，美国媒体事务，2011 年 3 月 28 日，检索于 2011-03-30

Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on... According to Pew Research, among others, there is great hatred towards Americans by large segments of the Muslim population. Most recently, a poll from the Center for Security Policy released data showing "25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad" and 51% of those polled, "agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Shariah." Shariah authorizes such atrocities as murder against non-believers who won't convert, beheadings and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to Americans, especially women.
—Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration (December 7, 2015) 
唐纳德·J·特朗普呼吁彻底禁止穆斯林入境美国，直到我国代表弄清楚事情的真相……皮尤研究中心等机构的研究表明，大量穆斯林群体对美国人怀有强烈的仇恨。最近，安全政策中心发布的一项民意调查数据显示，“25%的受访者认为，针对美国公民的暴力行为是全球圣战的一部分，是正当的”，51%的受访者“同意美国穆斯林应该有权选择是否接受伊斯兰教法的统治”。伊斯兰教法授权对不愿改信的非信徒实施谋杀、斩首等暴行，以及更多对美国人，尤其是女性，造成巨大伤害的令人难以想象的行为。
——《关于阻止穆斯林移民的声明》（2015年12月7日）

Hillary Clinton refuses to say the words radical Islam, even as she pushes for a massive increase in refugees coming into our country. After Secretary Clinton's failed intervention in Libya, Islamic terrorists in Benghazi took down our consulate and killed our ambassador and three brave Americans. Then, instead of taking charge that night, Hillary Clinton decided to go home and sleep. Incredible. Clinton blames it all on a video, an excuse that was a total lie, proven to be absolutely a total lie. Our ambassador was murdered and our secretary of state misled the nation.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
希拉里·克林顿拒绝提及“激进伊斯兰”这个词，即便她正在推动大幅增加进入我国的难民数量。在克林顿国务卿干预利比亚失败后，班加西的伊斯兰恐怖分子袭击了我国领事馆，杀害了我国大使和三名勇敢的美国人。然后，希拉里·克林顿那天晚上没有掌控局势，而是决定回家睡觉。真是难以置信。克林顿把一切都归咎于一段视频，而这个借口完全是谎言，事实证明它完全是谎言。我们的大使被谋杀了，我们的国务卿误导了国家。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

The media talks about home grown terrorism but Islamic radicalism and that's a very, very important term — a term that the president refuses to use and the networks that nurture it are imports from overseas whether you like it or whether you don't like it. Yes, there are many radicalized people already inside our country as a result of poor policies of the past.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
媒体谈论本土恐怖主义，但实际上“伊斯兰激进主义”是一个非常非常重要的术语——总统拒绝使用这个词，而滋养伊斯兰激进主义的网络无论你喜欢与否，都是从海外进口的。是的，由于过去糟糕的政策，我国境内已经存在许多激进分子。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. Right? He was a bad guy, really bad guy. But you know what he did well? He killed terrorists. He did that so good. They didn't read them the rights—they didn't talk, they were a terrorist, it was over. [...] Today, Iraq is Harvard for terrorism. You want to be a terrorist, you go to Iraq. It's like Harvard. Okay? So sad.
Jake Sullivan, then a policy advisor to Hillary Clinton, stated: "Hussein's regime was a sponsor of terrorism — one that paid families of suicide bombers who attacked Israelis, among other crimes."
—At a campaign rally in Raleigh, North Carolina (July 5, 2016), as cited in "Donald Trump praises Saddam Hussein for killing terrorists ‘so good’" The Washington Post (July 5, 2016).
萨达姆·侯赛因是个坏人。对吧？他是个坏人，十足的坏人。但你知道他做得好吗？他杀死了恐怖分子。他做得太棒了。他们没有宣读权利——他们没有说话，他们是恐怖分子，一切都结束了。[...] 如今，伊拉克是恐怖主义的哈佛大学。你想成为恐怖分子，就去伊拉克。就像哈佛一样。好吗？真可悲。
时任希拉里·克林顿政策顾问的杰克·沙利文表示：“侯赛因政权是恐怖主义的支持者——他们向袭击以色列人的自杀式炸弹袭击者家属支付报酬，并犯下其他罪行。”
——在北卡罗来纳州罗利的一次竞选集会上（2016年7月5日），引自《华盛顿邮报》（2016年7月5日）“唐纳德·特朗普称赞萨达姆·侯赛因‘非常出色’地杀死了恐怖分子”

Captain Humayun Khan was a hero to our country and we should honor all who have made the ultimate sacrifice to keep our country safe. The real problem here are the radical Islamic terrorists who killed him, and the efforts of these radicals to enter our country to do us further harm. Given the state of the world today, we have to know everything about those looking to enter our country, and given the state of chaos in some of these countries, that is impossible. While I feel deeply for the loss of his son, Mr. Khan who has never met me, has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution, (which is false) and say many other inaccurate things. If I become President, I will make America safe again.
Hillary Clinton should be held accountable for her central role in destabilizing the Middle East. She voted to send the United States to war against Iraq, helped lead the disastrous withdrawal of American troops years later that created the vacuum allowing the rise of ISIS, and has never met a regime change she didn't like (which have all been disasters) – not to mention her invasion of Libya and her abandonment of American personnel in Benghazi. The loss of these lives in Libya is directly traceable to Clinton, but their families' testimonials were rejected by the media.
Clinton's actions have been reckless and have directly led to the loss of American lives. And her extreme immigration policies, as also laid out by American victims in Cleveland, will cause the preventable deaths of countless more -- while putting all residents, from all places, at greater risk of terrorism. As Bernie Sanders said on numerous occasions, Hillary Clinton suffers from "bad judgement." She is not qualified to serve as Commander in Chief.
—Written statement responding to Khizr M. Khan  (July 30, 2016)
胡马雍·汗上尉是我们国家的英雄，我们应该向所有为保卫国家安全而做出最终牺牲的人致敬。真正的问题是杀害他的极端伊斯兰恐怖分子，以及这些极端分子试图进入我国进一步危害我们。鉴于当今世界的局势，我们必须掌握所有试图进入我国的人的情况，而鉴于其中一些国家目前的混乱局面，这是不可能的。虽然我对他儿子的去世深感悲痛，但从未见过我的汗先生无权站在数百万人面前，声称我从未读过宪法（这是错误的），并发表许多其他不实言论。如果我当选总统，我将使美国再次安全。希拉里·克林顿应该为她在破坏中东稳定方面所扮演的核心角色承担责任。她投票支持美国对伊拉克开战，多年后协助领导了灾难性的美军撤军，这导致了ISIS崛起的权力真空。她从未遇到过任何她不喜欢的政权更迭（这些都成了灾难）——更不用说她入侵利比亚以及抛弃驻扎在班加西的美国人员。利比亚这些人员的丧生与克林顿直接相关，但他们家属的证词却被媒体拒之门外。
克林顿的行动鲁莽，直接导致了美国人的生命损失。而她极端的移民政策，正如克利夫兰美国受害者所指出的那样，将导致无数人死于本可避免的死亡，同时也使所有地方的所有居民面临更大的恐怖主义风险。正如伯尼·桑德斯多次所说，希拉里·克林顿“判断力差”。她没有资格担任总司令。
——回应Khizr M. Khan的书面声明（2016年7月30日）

He’s not going into Ukraine, OK, just so you understand. He’s not going to go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down. You can put it down. You can take it anywhere you want.
—Claimed about the Russian president Vladimir Putin after Putin had invaded Crimea, Ukraine and while fighting a war in Donbass, Ukraine, quoted in "Trump says Putin is ‘not going to go into Ukraine,’ despite Crimea", CNN (August 1, 2016)
他不会进乌克兰，好吗，你懂的。他不会进乌克兰，好吗？你可以记下来，可以写下来，可以带到任何你想去的地方。
——这是在普京入侵乌克兰克里米亚并在顿巴斯作战后，关于俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京的言论，引自CNN（2016年8月1日）的报道《特朗普称普京‘不会进乌克兰’，尽管克里米亚问题严重》

No group in America has been more harmed by Hillary Clinton's policies than African-Americans. If Hillary Clinton's goal was to inflict pain on the African-American community, she could not have done a better job. It's a disgrace. Tonight, I'm asking for the vote of every single African-American citizen in this country who wants to see a better future. The inner cities of our country have been run by the Democratic party for more than fifty years. Their policies have reduced only poverty, joblessness, failing schools and broken homes. It's time to hold Democratic politicians accountable for what they have done to these communities. At what point do we say, "enough?" It's time to hold failed leaders accountable for their results not just their empty words over and over again. Look at what the Democratic party has done to the city as an example and there are many others of Detroit: forty percent of Detroit's residents live in poverty. Half of all Detroit residents do not work and cannot work and can't get a job. Detroit tops the list of most dangerous cities in terms of violent crime. This is the legacy of the Democratic politicians who have run this city. This is the result of the policy agenda embraced by Hillary Clinton: thirty-three thousand emails gone. The only way to change results is to change leadership. We can never fix our problems by relying on the same politicians who created our problems in the first place. A new future requires brand new leadership. Look how much African-American communities suffered under Democratic control. To those I say the following: What do you have to lose by trying something new like Trump. What do you have to lose? I say it again, what do you have to lose. Look, what do you have to lose? You're living your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs. Fifty-eight percent of your youth is unemployed? What the hell do you have to lose? And at the end of four years, I guarantee you, that I will get over ninety-five percent of the African-American vote. I promise you.
—Speech to the African-American community in Dimondale, Michigan (August 19, 2016)
希拉里·克林顿的政策对美国没有任何一个群体的伤害比非裔美国人更大。如果希拉里·克林顿的目标是给非裔美国人社区带来痛苦，那么她做得再好不过了。这简直是耻辱。今晚，我请求这个国家每一位渴望看到更美好未来的非裔美国人投票。五十多年来，我们国家的内城区一直由民主党统治。他们的政策只减少了贫困、失业、学校教育的失败和家庭的破碎。现在是时候让民主党政客为他们对这些社区的所作所为负责了。我们什么时候才能说“够了”？是时候让失败的领导人为他们的工作成果负责，而不仅仅是他们一遍又一遍的空话。看看民主党对这座城市的所作所为，底特律还有很多其他的例子：40%的底特律居民生活在贫困之中。一半的底特律居民没有工作，无法工作，也找不到工作。底特律位居暴力犯罪最危险城市榜首。这是执掌这座城市的民主党政客留下的遗产。这是希拉里·克林顿推行的政策议程的后果：三万三千封电子邮件被盗。改变结果的唯一途径是更换领导层。我们永远无法依靠那些最初制造问题的政客来解决我们的问题。新的未来需要全新的领导层。看看非裔美国人社区在民主党控制下遭受了多少苦难。对于那些人，我想说：尝试像特朗普这样的新政客，你们会失去什么？你们会失去什么？我再说一遍，你们会失去什么。看看，你们会失去什么？你们生活在贫困中，你们的学校不好，你们没有工作。你们58%的年轻人失业了？你们到底会失去什么？四年后，我向你们保证，我将获得超过95%的非裔美国人的选票。我向你们保证。
——在密歇根州迪蒙代尔非裔美国人社区的演讲（2016年8月19日）

Hillary and President Obama refused to use the term radical Islamic terrorism. Big problem. Big problem. Hillary wants to release violent criminals and criminal offenders from prison, that's wonderful, enjoy yourselves. I want to work with our police. Our police are so incredible, they're not getting the respect they deserve.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
希拉里和奥巴马总统拒绝使用“激进伊斯兰恐怖主义”一词。大问题！大问题！希拉里想释放暴力罪犯和刑事犯罪者，这太好了，你们好好享受吧。我想和我们的警察合作。我们的警察如此出色，但他们却没有得到应有的尊重。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future. She's going to do nothing for African-Americans. She's going to do nothing for the Hispanics. She's only going to take care of herself, her consultants, her donors, these are the people she cares about. She doesn't care what her policies have done to your communities. She doesn't care. Remember this, you've had her policies — Democrats running some of the inner cities for 50, 70, 80, even over 100 years. And look what you have right now: poverty, no education, crime, you can't walk down the street with your child. We're going to fix it. Hillary Clinton has no remorse. I will fight to create a better future for every American.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
希拉里·克林顿是个偏执狂，她只把有色人种视为选票，而不是值得拥有更美好未来的人。她不会为非裔美国人做任何事。她不会为拉美裔美国人做任何事。她只会照顾自己、她的顾问、她的捐赠者，这些人才是她真正关心的人。她不在乎她的政策对你们的社区造成了什么影响。她不在乎。记住，你们已经经历了她的政策——民主党在一些内城区执政了50年、70年、80年，甚至超过100年。看看你们现在的处境：贫困、缺乏教育、犯罪，你甚至不能带着孩子上街。我们会解决这个问题。希拉里·克林顿毫无悔意。我将为每一位美国人创造更美好的未来而奋斗。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。CBS和《印度教徒报》（2016年8月24日）引用

Eight years of Obama-Clinton policies have sacrificed our safety and undermined our freedom and independence. ... The Obama-Clinton foreign policy has unleashed ISIS, destabilised the Middle East and put the nation of Iran — which chants Death to America — in a dominant position of regional power and, in fact, aspiring to be a dominant world power.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
奥巴马-克林顿八年的政策牺牲了我们的安全，损害了我们的自由和独立。……奥巴马-克林顿的外交政策助长了伊斯兰国的扩张，破坏了中东的稳定，并使高呼“美国去死”的伊朗占据了地区强国的主导地位，事实上，伊朗还渴望成为世界霸主。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司和《印度教徒报》（2016年8月24日）引用

Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it. I finished it. You know what I mean. President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period. Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again.
—"Trump finally says Obama born in U.S., blames Clinton for controversy". USA Today. 16 September 2016. Conspiracy theories about Barack Obama's citizenship were not started by Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign according to PolitiFact.com, and Trump continued to question Obama's citizenship for years after he released his long-form birth certificate in 2011.
希拉里·克林顿和她2008年的竞选活动引发了出生地争议。我结束了它。我结束了它。你懂我的意思。巴拉克·奥巴马总统出生在美国，仅此而已。现在我们都想重新让美国强大起来。
——“特朗普终于承认奥巴马出生在美国，并将争议归咎于克林顿”。《今日美国》。2016年9月16日。据PolitiFact.com报道，关于巴拉克·奥巴马公民身份的阴谋论并非由希拉里·克林顿2008年的竞选活动发起的，特朗普在2011年公布奥巴马的长格式出生证明后，多年来一直在质疑他的公民身份。

I am disappointed in the Attorney General, he should not have recused himself, almost immediately after he took office, and if he was going to recuse himself he should have told me prior to taking office, and I would have quite simply picked somebody else, so I think that's a bad thing, not for the President but for the presidency, I think it's unfair to the presidency, and that's the way I feel.
—Trump responding to a question about Jeff Sessions in a White House press briefing (25 July 2017)
我对司法部长感到失望，他不应该在上任后立即回避。如果他要回避，应该在就职前告诉我，那样我就会直接选人了。所以我认为这不是一件好事，不是对总统，而是对总统职位来说。我认为这对总统职位不公平，我就是这么想的。
——特朗普在白宫新闻发布会上回答关于杰夫·塞申斯的问题（2017年7月25日）

Turn those cameras back there, please, that is so incredible. By the way, what do you think the chances are that this incredible, massive crowd, record-setting is going to be shown on television tonight? 1% or zero? The fake media will say, "President Trump", and you know what this is, "President Trump spoke before a small crowd of boy scouts today."
—Trump inspiring young people at the 2017 National Scout Jamboree (24 July 2017)
拜托，把摄像机转回去，太不可思议了。对了，你觉得今晚这场规模空前的盛会，如此惊人的规模，如此创纪录的盛况，在电视上播出的可能性有多大？1% 还是 0%？假媒体会说“特朗普总统”，你知道这是什么意思吗，“特朗普总统今天在一小群童子军面前发表演讲。”
——特朗普在2017年全国童子军大露营上激励年轻人（2017年7月24日）

To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
—The Atlantic: "Six Hours and Three Minutes of Internet Chaos"
致伊朗总统鲁哈尼：永远不要再威胁美国，否则你将遭受历史上罕见的后果。我们不再是一个能容忍你那些充满暴力和死亡的疯狂言论的国家。务必谨慎！
——《大西洋月刊》：“六小时零三分钟的网络混乱”

So I don't know what the record attendance is in this arena, but I was told that we broke it by a lot. And you got the people outside. Are we allowed to tell them who we would like them to vote for? Because you're allowed to skip. All right, so wait a minute, let's do a poll. We do this for the fake news back there. Ready? Who would be the best candidate for us? Not for them. We're ready. Ready? So let's go through them just quickly. We won't include Steyer because he's a loser. He's out, okay? We won't include him. Who would be the best? This is a real poll. This isn't one of those fake polls taken by ... In all fairness, I love you, Fox, taken by Fox, the worst pollster. This guy ... this pollster hates Trump's guts. I was losing the last election by a fortune. They said, "He did great with women." Everything was wrong. And they never replaced this guy. But watch this. You ready?
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
我不知道这个场馆的观众人数纪录是多少，但我听说我们打破了很多纪录。你把观众都弄到外面去了。我们可以告诉他们我们希望他们投票给谁吗？因为你们可以跳过。好吧，等一下，我们来做个民意调查。我们是为了那些假新闻做的。准备好了吗？谁会是我们的最佳候选人？不会是他们的。我们准备好了。准备好了吗？那我们快速过一遍。我们不会把斯泰尔算进去，因为他是个失败者。他出局了，好吗？我们不会把他算进去。谁会是最佳人选？这是真正的民意调查。这不是那些……平心而论，我爱你，福克斯，福克斯，最差劲的民意调查机构做的民意调查。这家伙……这民意调查机构恨透了特朗普。上次选举我输得一塌糊涂。他们说：“他在女性问题上做得很好。”一切都错了。而且他们一直没能换掉这个人。但是看这个。你准备好了吗？
—唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020 年 2 月 28 日）

It's called "social media." It's social media. It gets out. I have, you know, hundreds of millions of people. Number one on Facebook. Did you know I was number one on Facebook? I mean, I just found out I'm number one on Facebook. I thought that was very nice for whatever it means. No, it represents something. And when I can explain to people: Just don't do it. You know, it's going to be bad if you do it. It's going to be really bad. And they don't need to do it. They have enough problems. Iran has enough problems without doing that. But we’ve been pulling back very substantially over the last year, in Iraq. And so, you know, that's the way it is.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-04-01, quoted in James S. Brady (1 April 2020), "Remarks by President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Members of the Coronavirus Task Force in Press Briefing", White House.
这叫做“社交媒体”。它就是社交媒体。它会传播出去。你知道，我有数亿用户。我是脸书上的第一名。你知道我是脸书上的第一名吗？我是说，我刚发现我是脸书上的第一名。我觉得这很好，不管它意味着什么。不，它代表着某种意义。我可以向人们解释：别这么做。你知道，如果你这么做，后果会很糟糕。真的会很糟糕。他们没必要这么做。他们已经有足够多的问题了。伊朗已经有足够的问题了，不需要这么做。但过去一年，我们在伊拉克已经大幅撤军了。所以，你知道，情况就是这样。
——冠状病毒工作组新闻发布会，2020年4月1日，引用自詹姆斯·S·布雷迪（2020年4月1日），“特朗普总统、彭斯副总统及冠状病毒工作组成员在新闻发布会上的讲话”，白宫

Donald Trump: And you have to understand: When we took over, the cupboards were bare. And the thing that — frankly, it’s not as tough as the ventilator situation. We’re the king of ventilators. But what we have done is — on testing, we’re doing numbers the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. And I told you, the President of South Korea, President Moon, called me to congratulate me on testing. And we did more tests than any other country anywhere in the world. And I think they told me yesterday a number — if you add up the rest of the world, we’ve done more testing. And it’s a higher quality test. So I think we’ve done a — I think the whole team, federal government — we built hospitals for you and others.
Phil Murphy: You bet.
Donald Trump: We built medical centers. And I’m talking about thousands and thousands of beds. Many, many medical centers. We had — as you know, we had the governor of Florida and the governor of Louisiana over the last two days. They could not have been — and one was a Democrat, and this gentleman happens to be a proud Democrat. They could not have been more supportive of the effort of the federal government. And I’ll tell you, Jim —
James Acosta: But aren’t you seeing massive lines for food?
Donald Trump: Let me just tell you, we have — we started off with empty cupboards. The last administration left us nothing. We started off with bad, broken tests and obsolete tests. What we’ve come up with, between the Abbott Laboratories, where you have the five-minute test. Did they test you today?
Phil Murphy: They did test me.
Donald Trump: Good. Now I feel better. (Laughter.)
Phil Murphy: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I’m negative.
Donald Trump: You did the five-minute — the Abbott test.
Phil Murphy: I did the quick turnaround.
Donald Trump: It’s so great.
Phil Murphy: I feel like a new man.
Donald Trump: That’s a brand — you know what? That’s a brand-new test. That didn’t exist eight weeks ago, and now it’s like the rage. Everybody wants that test. No, I think we’ve done — I think we’ve done a really great job.
—About the lack of tests for the novel coronavirus, Remarks by President Trump in a Meeting with Governor Murphy of New Jersey (April 30, 2020), whitehouse.gov. Quoted in Did Trump Blame Obama for ‘Bad’ COVID-19 Tests? by Bethania Palma, 1 May 2020, Snopes.  Note: No previous administration could have prepared a test for a disease which had yet to emerge. COVID-19 emerged during Trump's presidency, the test was designed in 2020 by the Centers for Disease Control under the Trump administration. See Misinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic#Presidential
唐纳德·特朗普：你必须明白：我们接手的时候，物资匮乏。坦白说，这比呼吸机的情况要好得多。我们是呼吸机之王。但我们所做的是——在检测方面，我们取得了前所未有的成绩。我告诉过你，韩国总统文在寅打电话祝贺我完成了检测。我们做的检测比世界上任何其他国家都多。我记得他们昨天告诉我一个数字——如果把世界其他国家加起来，我们的检测数量更多。而且我们的检测质量更高。所以我认为我们——我认为整个团队，包括联邦政府——都为你和其他人建造了医院。
菲尔·墨菲：没错。
唐纳德·特朗普：我们建造了医疗中心。我说的是成千上万张床位。很多很多的医疗中心。你知道，过去两天，佛罗里达州州长和路易斯安那州州长都来过。他们中有一人是民主党人，而这位先生恰好是一位自豪的民主党人。他们对联邦政府的努力给予了极大的支持。吉姆，我告诉你——
詹姆斯·阿科斯塔：但是，你没看到排队买食物的长队吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：我告诉你，我们一开始的食品柜都是空的。上届政府什么都没给我们留下。我们一开始用的就是糟糕、失效的、过时的检测方法。我们想出了雅培实验室的五分钟检测方法。他们今天给你做了检测吗？
菲尔·墨菲：他们给我做了检测。
唐纳德·特朗普：很好。现在我感觉好多了。（笑声）
菲尔·墨菲：是的，是的，是的。我的检测结果是阴性。
唐纳德·特朗普：你做了雅培实验室的五分钟检测。
菲尔·墨菲：我快速完成了任务。
唐纳德·特朗普：太棒了。
菲尔·墨菲：我感觉焕然一新。
唐纳德·特朗普：那是一个全新的——你知道吗？那是一个全新的测试。八周前还不存在，现在却风靡一时。每个人都想要这个测试。不，我认为我们已经——我认为我们做得非常好。
——关于缺乏新冠病毒检测，特朗普总统会见新泽西州州长墨菲时的讲话（2020年4月30日），whitehouse.gov。引用自贝萨尼亚·帕尔玛于2020年5月1日发表在《特朗普是否将‘糟糕’的新冠病毒检测结果归咎于奥巴马？》的文章，Snopes。注：此前没有任何一届政府能够为一种尚未出现的疾病准备检测。 COVID-19 疫情在特朗普总统任期内出现，该检测方法由特朗普政府领导下的疾病控制与预防中心于 2020 年设计。参见与 COVID-19 疫情相关的错误信息#总统

If it has not been counted, vote -- which is every citizen's right to do -- you go and vote. You press the lever and vote. So if it hasn't been counted, if it doesn't show up, go and vote, and then, if your mail-in ballot arrives after you vote, which it shouldn't but possibly it could perhaps, that ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast and tabulated, so this way you're guaranteed to have your vote count.
—Trump suggested voting twice, which is a federal crime, as quoted in Dianne Gallagher, Caroline Kelly, Marshall Cohen, Brian Rokus (4 September 2020), "Ignoring warnings from election officials, Trump again suggests supporters should try to vote twice", CNN
如果选票尚未计票，那就去投票——这是每个公民的权利——你去投票。你按下投票杆，投票。所以，如果选票尚未计票，如果选票没有出现，那就去投票。然后，如果你的邮寄选票在你投票后到达——这不应该发生，但也可能发生——那张选票将不会被使用或计算，因为你的选票已经投出并统计过了，所以这样就能保证你的选票会被计算在内。
——特朗普建议两次投票，这是联邦犯罪，引自黛安·加拉格尔、卡罗琳·凯利、马歇尔·科恩和布莱恩·罗库斯（2020年9月4日），“特朗普无视选举官员的警告，再次建议支持者尝试两次投票”，CNN

The president of the United States calls the shots (Trump says in ~second 50 of video)
If Bob Woodward thought what I said was bad then he should have immediately, right after I said it, gone out to the authorities so they can prepare,
—Trump was talking about what he told Bob Woodward regarding downplaying the coronavirus threat, as quoted in Chris Cillizza (10 September 2020), "Someone needs to remind Donald Trump that Bob Woodward isn't president of the United States", CNN
美国总统说了算（特朗普在视频约50秒处说道）
如果鲍勃·伍德沃德认为我说的话不好，那么他应该在我说完后立即联系当局，以便他们做好准备。
——特朗普指的是他告诉鲍勃·伍德沃德关于淡化新冠病毒威胁的事情，引自克里斯·西利扎（2020年9月10日）在CNN的报道中所说：“需要有人提醒唐纳德·特朗普，鲍勃·伍德沃德不是美国总统。”

The left has warped, distorted, and defiled the American story with deceptions, falsehoods, and lies. There is no better example than the New York Times’ totally discredited 1619 Project. This project rewrites American history to teach our children that we were founded on the principle of oppression, not freedom. Nothing could be further from the truth. America’s founding set in motion the unstoppable chain of events that abolished slavery, secured civil rights, defeated communism and fascism, and built the most fair, equal, and prosperous nation in human history.
—Remarks by President Trump at the White House Conference on American History (17 September 2020)
左翼用欺骗、谎言和谬误扭曲、玷污了美国历史。《纽约时报》声名狼藉的“1619计划”就是最好的例证。该计划改写美国历史，试图让我们的孩子相信，美国建立在压迫而非自由的原则之上。这完全违背事实。美国的建国开启了一系列不可阻挡的事件，废除了奴隶制，保障了公民权利，击败了共产主义和法西斯主义，建立了人类历史上最公平、平等和繁荣的国家。
——特朗普总统在白宫美国历史会议上的讲话（2020年9月17日）

I would recommend it, and I would recommend it to a lot of people that don't want to get it and a lot of those people voted for me, frankly. But again, we have our freedoms and we have to live by that and I agree with that also. But it is a great vaccine. It is a safe vaccine and it is something that works.
—On the COVID-19 vaccine. Quoted by Meredith McGraw (16 March 2021), Trump encourages Americans to get the Covid vaccine, Politico
我会推荐它，而且我会推荐给很多不想接种的人，坦白说，很多人投票支持我。但话说回来，我们有自由，我们必须遵守自由，我也同意这一点。但它是一款很棒的疫苗。它是一种安全的疫苗，而且有效。
——关于新冠疫苗。梅雷迪斯·麦格劳（2021年3月16日）引用，特朗普鼓励美国人接种新冠疫苗，《政治报》

The entire Database of Maricopa County in Arizona has been DELETED! This is illegal and the Arizona State Senate, who is leading the Forensic Audit, is up in arms. Additionally, seals were broken on the boxes that hold the votes, ballots are missing, and worse. Mark Brnovich, the Attorney General of Arizona, will now be forced to look into this unbelievable Election crime.
—15 May 2021
亚利桑那州马里科帕县的整个数据库已被删除！这属于非法行为，负责法务审计的亚利桑那州参议院对此表示强烈抗议。此外，装选票的箱子上的封条被破坏，选票丢失，甚至更糟。亚利桑那州总检察长马克·布尔诺维奇现在将被迫调查这起令人难以置信的选举犯罪。
—2021年5月15日

The de facto censorship arm of the US government.
—7 July 2021 Russia Today
美国政府事实上的审查机构。
——2021年7月7日，《今日俄罗斯》

Whatever happened to free speech in our Country? Incredibly, but not surprisingly, the Big Tech lunatics have taken down my interview with the very popular NELK Boys so that nobody can watch it or in any way listen to it....In Russia, the people are not allowed to know that they’re fighting a war with Ukraine, that’s where our media is going, and that’s where our Country is going because it quickly follows—just study history.We need freedom of speech again, we don’t have it and it’s getting worse every day!
—Statement by Donald J. Trump, 45th President of the United States of America 03/11/22
我们国家的言论自由到底怎么了？令人难以置信的是，但并不令人意外的是，那些科技巨头们竟然删掉了我接受人气乐队NELK Boys采访的片段，这样就没人能看，也没人能以任何方式听到……在俄罗斯，民众不被允许知道他们正在与乌克兰开战，这就是我们媒体的走向，也是我们国家的未来，因为它很快就会随之而来——只要研究一下历史就知道了。我们需要再次拥有言论自由，我们没有，而且情况每天都在恶化！
——美国第45任总统唐纳德·J·特朗普声明 2022年3月11日

Ron DeSanctimonious is playing games! The Fake News asks him if he's going to run if President Trump runs, and he says, 'I'm only focused on the Governor's race, I'm not looking into the future.' Well, in terms of loyalty and class, that's really not the right answer.
—Adam Carlson, Jay O'Brien, and Katherine Faulders, Trump takes aim at Ron DeSantis, suggesting he's a 2024 rival, ABC News (November 10, 2022).
罗恩·德桑蒂斯在耍花招！假新闻问他，如果特朗普总统参选，他会不会参选，他却说：“我只关注州长竞选，没考虑未来。” 嗯，从忠诚和阶级的角度来说，这可不是什么正确答案。
——亚当·卡尔森、杰伊·奥布莱恩和凯瑟琳·福尔德斯，特朗普瞄准罗恩·德桑蒂斯，暗示他是2024年的竞争对手，ABC新闻（2022年11月10日）

He shows up with 3 people, two of which I didn’t know, the other a political person who I haven’t seen in years,” the former president wrote on Truth Social. “Fake News went CRAZY!”
—29 November 2022 on Truth Social (per this article by Charisma Madarang of Rolling Stone) after Kanye West showed up for dinner with Boeing employee Jamal and Nick Fuentes (the two unknowns) and Karen Giorno (an aide from Trump's 2016 campaign) in a meeting arranged by Milo Yiannopoulos (who did not attend) via Karen
“他带了三个人来，其中两个我不认识，另一个是我多年没见的政客，”这位前总统在Truth Social上写道。“假新闻疯了！”
——2022年11月29日，Truth Social（根据《滚石》杂志Charisma Madarang的这篇文章）报道，Kanye West与波音公司员工Jamal、Nick Fuentes（两位素不相识的人）以及Karen Giorno（特朗普2016年竞选团队的一名助手）共进晚餐，而这次会面是由Milo Yiannopoulos（他没有出席）安排的, Karen

This is the final battle. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the Communists, Marxists, and Fascists, and we will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. We will rout the fake news media, and we will defeat crooked Joe Biden. We will liberate America from these villains once and for all.
—Trump told the audience at the Oakland County Republican Party’s Lincoln Day Dinner
这是最后的决战。有你们在我身边，我们将摧毁深层政府。我们将把战争贩子驱逐出我们的政府。我们将驱逐全球主义者。我们将驱逐共产党人、马克思主义者和法西斯主义者，我们将摆脱仇恨我们国家的病态政治阶层。我们将击溃假新闻媒体，我们将击败狡猾的乔·拜登。我们将一劳永逸地将美国从这些恶棍手中解放出来。
——特朗普在奥克兰县共和党林肯日晚宴上对观众说

So now that I have full Subpoena Power because of the Freedom of Speech Sham Indictment by Crooked Joe Biden, Deranged Jack Smith, and the DOJ, it has just been reported that the Unselect January 6th Committee of Political Hacks and Thugs has illegally destroyed their Records and Documents. This is unthinkable, and the Fake Political Indictment against me must be immediately withdrawn. The system is Rigged & Corrupt, very much like the Presidential Election of 2020. We are a Nation in Decline.
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110857162338915853
现在，由于骗子乔·拜登、精神错乱的杰克·史密斯和美国司法部提出的虚假言论自由起诉，我拥有了完全的传票权。据报道，由政治黑客和暴徒组成的非选举委员会1月6日非法销毁了他们的记录和文件。这简直令人难以置信，针对我的虚假政治起诉必须立即撤销。这个系统被操纵且腐败，就像2020年的总统大选一样。我们是一个正在衰落的国家。
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110857162338915853

To say no comment is oftentimes fine, but to be smiling when you say it, especially again such a tragedy as this, is absolutely horrible and unacceptable, Our government was not prepared. And very importantly, the aftermath is going very poorly with the governor of the island wanting to do nothing but blame it on global warming, and other things that just happen to pop into his head.
—https://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/4152554-trump-bidens-response-to-maui-fires-disgraceful/
不予置评通常没什么问题，但说出来还面带微笑，尤其是在这样的悲剧发生时，这绝对是可怕且不可接受的。我们的政府毫无准备。而且非常重要的是，后续情况非常糟糕，而该岛总督却只想把责任推卸给全球变暖，以及其他一些他突然想到的事情。
—https://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/4152554-trump-bidens-response-to-maui-fires-disgraceful/

Miriam, I watched (Sheldon Adelson, her late husband) sitting so proud in the White House when we gave Miriam the Presidential Medal of Freedom. That’s the highest award you can get as a civilian, it’s the equivalent of the Congressional Medal of Honor, but civilian version. It’s actually much better, because everyone gets the Congressional Medal of Honor – that’s soldiers. They’re either in very bad shape because they’ve been hit so many times by bullets, or they’re dead. She gets it and she’s a healthy, beautiful woman, and they’re rated equal.
—15 August 2024 Trump says civilian award is ‘much better’ than Medal of Honor
米里亚姆，当我们授予她总统自由勋章时，我看着她（谢尔登·阿德尔森，她已故的丈夫）在白宫里骄傲地坐着。这是平民可以获得的最高奖项，相当于国会荣誉勋章，只不过是平民版。实际上，它要好得多，因为每个人都能获得国会荣誉勋章——那些士兵。他们要么因为被子弹击中无数次而身体状况非常糟糕，要么已经阵亡。而她获得了它，她是一位健康美丽的女性，她们的级别和荣誉勋章是一样的。
——2024年8月15日，特朗普称平民勋章“比荣誉勋章好得多”

I am the Peace President, and only I will stop World War III!
—Trump Loses It on the Cheneys After They Endorse Harris: ‘Irrelevant RINO, Along with His Daughter!’ Mediaite  (September 6, 2024)
我是和平总统，只有我能阻止第三次世界大战！
——切尼夫妇支持哈里斯后，特朗普失控：“跟他女儿一样，都是些无关紧要的绿帽佬！” Mediaite （2024年9月6日）

If any senior doesn't vote for Trump, we're gonna have to send you to a psychiatrist to have your head examined.
—"Trump Tells ANOTHER Group of Voters to 'Have Your Head Examined'", Mediaite (September 25, 2024)
如果有哪个老年人不投票给特朗普，我们就得送你去看精神科医生，检查一下你的脑子。
——“特朗普又告诉一群选民‘去检查一下你的脑子’”，Mediaite（2024年9月25日）

KAMALA HARRIS: …It is well known that he said of Putin that he can do whatever the hell he wants and go into Ukraine. It is well known when that he said when Russia went into Ukraine it was brilliant….
They're the ones -- and she's the one that caused it, that's weak on national security by allowing every nation last month for the year, 168 different countries sending people into our country. Their crime rates are way down. Putin endorsed her last week. Said I hope she wins. And I think he meant it. Because what he's gotten away with is absolutely incredible. It wouldn't have happened with me.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：……众所周知，他曾说普京可以为所欲为，可以进入乌克兰。众所周知，他曾说俄罗斯进入乌克兰真是太棒了……
是他们——也是她造成的，他们在国家安全方面很软弱，上个月允许所有国家，也就是今年的168个不同的国家派遣人员进入我国。他们的犯罪率大幅下降。普京上周支持了她。他说我希望她获胜。我认为他是认真的。因为他侥幸逃脱了惩罚，这绝对令人难以置信。如果我当选，这种事绝不会发生。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

She is destroying our country. She has a plan to defund the police. She has a plan to confiscate everybody's gun. She has a plan to not allow fracking in Pennsylvania or anywhere else. That's what her plan is until just recently.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
她正在摧毁我们的国家。她计划削减警察经费。她计划没收所有人的枪支。她计划禁止在宾夕法尼亚州或任何其他地方进行水力压裂。直到最近，她的计划依然如此。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

So we’re gonna take care of it, you and me. I’ll tell you, if everything works out and everybody gets out on January 5th, or before. You know, it used to be, you’d have a date. Today, you can vote two months before, probably three months after. They don’t know what the hell they’re doing. But we’re gonna straighten it all out. We’re gonna straighten that out, too. We’re gonna straighten out our election process, too. That’s gotta be important also.
—Whoops! Trump Tells Supporters to Get Out and Vote on ‘January 5th’ Mediaite (October 14, 2024)
所以我们会处理好这件事，你和我。我跟你说，如果一切顺利，大家都能在1月5日或之前出来投票的话。你知道，以前投票都会有个日期。现在，你可以提前两个月，甚至三个月后投票。他们自己都不知道他们在干什么。但我们会把一切都理顺的。我们也会把这件事理顺的。我们也会理顺我们的选举程序。这也很重要。
——哎呀！特朗普在“1月5日”Mediaite节目中告诉支持者出去投票（2024年10月14日）

Kamala should be investigated and forced off the Campaign, and Joe Biden allowed to take back his rightful place (He got 14 Million Primary Votes, she got none!). THIS WHOLE SORDID AND FRAUDULENT EVENT IS A THREAT TO DEMOCRACY!
—As it appeared on Truth Social, reported in Trump Melts Down In Wild Post Claiming Kamala Harris ‘Should Be Investigated’ And Biden Should Be His Opponent Again Mediaite (October 17, 2024)
应该对卡玛拉进行调查，并迫使她退出竞选，并允许乔·拜登夺回他应有的地位（他获得了1400万张初选选票，而她一张票都没有！）。这整件肮脏欺诈的事件是对民主的威胁！
——据Truth Social报道，特朗普在一篇疯狂的帖子中崩溃，声称卡玛拉·哈里斯“应该接受调查”，拜登应该再次成为他的对手（2024年10月17日）

Now I want to take this opportunity to give you some advice. Over the course of your life, you will find that things are not always fair, you will find that things happen to you that you do not deserve, and that are not always warranted, but you have to put your head down, and FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! Never ever ever give up, things will work out just fine. Look at the way I've been treated lately, especially by the media. No politician in history, and I say this is great surety, has been treated worse, more unfairly. You can't let them get you down, you can't let the critics, and the naysayers get in the way of your dream. I guess that's why I won, thank you. I guess that's why we won. Adversity makes you stronger, don't give in, don't back down, and never stop doing what you know is right. Nothing worth doing, ever ever ever came easy, and the more righteous you fight, the more opposition that you will face. I've accomplished a tremendous amount, in a very short time as president.
—Speech (November 6, 2024)[citation needed]
现在我想借此机会给你们一些建议。在你的人生历程中，你会发现事情并不总是公平的，你会发现有些事情发生在你身上，你不该承受，也并不总是有理可依，但你必须低下头，战斗！战斗！战斗！永不放弃，一切都会好起来的。看看我最近受到的待遇，尤其是媒体的报道。我可以肯定地说，历史上没有任何一位政客，比我受到的待遇更糟糕、更不公平。你不能让他们打击你，你不能让批评者和唱反调的人阻碍你的梦想。我想这就是我获胜的原因，谢谢。我想这就是我们获胜的原因。逆境使你更强大，不要屈服，不要退缩，永远不要停止做你认为正确的事情。没有什么值得做的事情是轻而易举的，你越是坚持正义，你面临的阻力就越大。我在担任总统的短短时间内取得了巨大的成就。
——演讲（2024年11月6日）[引文需要]

Any Republican Senator seeking the coveted LEADERSHIP position in the United States Senate must agree to Recess Appointments (in the Senate!), without which we will not be able to get people confirmed in a timely manner. Sometimes the votes can take two years, or more. This is what they did four years ago, and we cannot let it happen again. We need positions filled IMMEDIATELY!
—Trump declares Senate majority candidates should allow him to make recess appointments NBC News (November 10, 2024)
任何共和党参议员若想在美国参议院谋求令人垂涎的领导职位，都必须同意休会任命（在参议院！），否则我们将无法及时确认候选人。有时，投票可能需要两年甚至更长时间。四年前他们就是这样做的，我们不能再让这种情况重演了。我们需要立即填补空缺！
——特朗普宣布参议院多数党候选人应该允许他进行休会任命 NBC新闻（2024年11月10日）

No District Court Judge, or any Judge, can assume the duties of the President of the United States. Only Crime and Chaos would result.
—From Truth Social post, cited in Judges stand firm as Trump ramps up attacks on judiciary NBC News (March 21, 2025)
任何地区法院法官，或任何法官，都不得兼任美国总统的职责。这样做只会带来犯罪和混乱。
——摘自“真相社交”帖子，引自《特朗普加大对司法系统的攻击力度，法官立场坚定》NBC新闻（2025年3月21日）

PRESIDENT TRUMP: (Referring to a photo of what was tattooed on Abrego Garcia's knuckles:) M-S-1-3 -- It says M-S-one-three.
INTERVIEWER TERRY MORAN: I -- that was Photoshop….
PRESIDENT TRUMP: That was Photoshop?… Do you want me to show the picture?
TERRY MORAN: I saw the picture. We'll agree to disagree --
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Oh, and you think it was Photoshop…. Go look at his hand. He had MS-13 --
TERRY MORAN: Fair enough, he did have tattoos that can be interpreted that way. I'm not an expert on them….
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Terry, no, no. No, no. He had MS as clear as you can be. Not "interpreted." This is why people no longer believe the news, because it's fake news.
TERRY MORAN: ...When he was photographed in El Salvador, they aren't there…. Take a look at the photograph —
PRESIDENT TRUMP: But they're there now, right?… But they're there now?
TERRY MORAN: They're in your picture.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Terry He's got MS-13 on his knuckles…. you do such a disservice —
TERRY MORAN: We'll take a look. We'll take a look at that, sir —
PRESIDENT TRUMP: Why don't you just say, "Yes, he does," and, you know, go on to something else --
—FULL TRANSCRIPT: Trump's exclusive 100 days broadcast interview with ABC News ABC News (April 29, 2025)
特朗普总统：（指着阿布雷戈·加西亚指关节上纹身的照片：）M-S-1-3——上面写着M-S-1-3。
采访者特里·莫兰：我——那是Photoshop……
特朗普总统：那是Photoshop？……你想让我展示照片吗？
特里·莫兰：我看到了照片。我们求同存异——
特朗普总统：哦，你认为那是Photoshop……去看看他的手。他有MS-13——
特里·莫兰：不错，他确实有纹身，可以这样解读。我不是这方面的专家……
特朗普总统：特里，不，不。不，不。他有多发性硬化症（MS）的症状非常明显。不是“解读”。这就是为什么人们不再相信新闻，因为它是假新闻。
特里·莫兰：……当他在萨尔瓦多被拍照时，他们不在那里……看看照片——
特朗普总统：但他们现在在那里，对吧？……但他们现在在那里？
特里·莫兰：他们在你的照片里。
特朗普总统：特里，他的指关节上刻着MS-13……你真是帮了倒忙——
特里·莫兰：我们会看看。我们会看看，先生——
特朗普总统：你为什么不直接说“是的，他有”，然后，你知道，继续说别的——
——完整记录：特朗普接受ABC新闻独家100天广播采访 ABC新闻（2025年4月29日）

...The biggest crime of all is that THE 2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION WAS RIGGED! I (MAGA!) WON THE ELECTION BY MILLIONS OF VOTES, AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT. GOD BLESS AMERICA, FOR THE FIGHT HAS JUST BEGUN!!!
—From Truth Social as reported in Trump Goes On Early-Morning Ragefest Over ‘AUTOPEN’ And ‘RIGGED AND STOLEN’ Election Mediaite (May 17, 2025)
……最大的罪行莫过于2020年总统大选被操纵了！我（MAGA！）以数百万票的优势赢得了选举，每个人都知道这一点。上帝保佑美国，因为战斗才刚刚开始！！！
——摘自Truth Social，报道《特朗普凌晨因“自动笔”和“被操纵和盗窃”的选举信息而大发雷霆》（2025年5月17日）

Congratulations on being named Time magazine's 'Man of the Year' — you definitely deserve it. As you have probably heard, I'm a big fan of yours!
—Letter to Russian president Vladimir Putin
恭喜您荣获《时代》杂志“年度人物”称号——您当之无愧。您可能已经听说了，我是您的忠实粉丝！
——致俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京的信

Today I'm very proud of myself, because I've accomplished something that nobody else has been able to accomplish. I was just informed, while on the helicopter, that our president has finally released a birth certificate. I want to look at it, but I hope it's true, so that we can get on to much more important matters, so the press can stop asking me questions. He should have done it a long time ago. Why he didn't do it when the Clintons asked for it, why he didn't do it when everyone else was asking for it, I don't know. But I am really honored, frankly, to have played such a big role in hopefully, hopefully getting rid of this issue. Now, we have to look at it, we have to see, is it real? Is it proper? What's on it? But I hope it checks out beautifully. I am really proud, I am really honored.
—Regarding the release of Barack Obama's full birth record from Hawaii that morning press conference, 2011-04-27. "Trump Questions Obama Birth Certificate", TMZ, 27 April 2011, retrieved on 2011-05-01
今天我为自己感到非常自豪，因为我完成了一件别人都无法完成的事情。我刚刚在直升机上得知，我们的总统终于公布了出生证明。我想看一下，但我希望这是真的，这样我们就能谈更重要的事情了，媒体也就不会再问我问题了。他早就应该公布了。为什么克林顿夫妇要求的时候他不公布，为什么其他人都要求的时候他不公布，我不知道。但坦白说，我很荣幸能够在解决这个问题上发挥如此重要的作用，希望能够最终解决。现在，我们必须要看一下，我们必须要看看，它是真的吗？它是否正确？上面写了什么？但我希望一切顺利。我真的很自豪，真的很荣幸。
——关于2011年4月27日上午新闻发布会上奥巴马在夏威夷公布其完整出生记录的事。 “特朗普质疑奥巴马出生证明”，TMZ，2011 年 4 月 27 日，检索日期：2011-05-01

Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
—Twitter, quoted by the Washington Post (20 December 2011)
巴尼·弗兰克穿着蓝色衬衫在国会面前露乳，看起来令人作呕。非常非常无礼。
—Twitter，华盛顿邮报引述（2011 年 12 月 20 日）

Obama gave a good speech but not nearly as good as the press would have you believe. Whether it's good or bad, the press will say it's fantastic. In many ways, I like Obama. It's hard to define. There's something about him I do like. I'm embarrassed to admit it. I give him a lot of credit. It's very unique and very hard to do and I give him tremendous credit. He became a two-term president of the United States. He's got some quality going.
—At an interview with The New York Times' Maureen Dowd.  (July 29, 2016)
奥巴马的演讲不错，但远没有媒体夸赞的那么好。无论好坏，媒体都会说他精彩绝伦。在很多方面，我都喜欢奥巴马。这很难定义。他身上有我喜欢的特质。我不好意思承认。我非常欣赏他。他非常独特，也非常不容易，我给予他巨大的赞誉。他连任了两届美国总统。他身上有一些值得称道的品质。
——接受《纽约时报》莫琳·多德采访时。（2016年7月29日）

Terrorists who oppress and murder innocent people should never sleep soundly, knowing that we will completely destroy them. These savage monsters will not escape their fate – and they will not escape the final judgement of God.
—Offiical release at Whitehouse.gov (27 October 2019) · Transcript of delivered remarks at The New York Times (27 October 2019) · "President Trump's full announcement on the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi", The Washington Post YouTube channel (27 October 2019)
压迫和杀害无辜民众的恐怖分子永远不应安然入睡，因为他们知道我们将彻底摧毁他们。这些野蛮的怪物将无法逃脱他们的命运——也无法逃脱上帝的最终审判。
——Whitehouse.gov 官方发布（2019 年 10 月 27 日）·《纽约时报》讲话记录（2019 年 10 月 27 日）·《华盛顿邮报》YouTube 频道“特朗普总统就阿布·贝克尔·巴格达迪之死的完整声明”（2019 年 10 月 27 日）

Q: Does the buck stop with you, Mr. President? Does the buck stop with you?
Donald Trump: Yeah, normally. But I think when you hear the—you know, this has never been done before in this country.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-03-16, quoted in Oliver Willis (16 March 2020), "Trump says buck 'normally' stops with him — but not for coronavirus", American Independent
问：总统先生，责任到您身上吗？责任到您身上吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：是的，通常如此。但我认为，当你听到——你知道，这在我们国家以前从未发生过。
——冠状病毒工作组新闻发布会，2020年3月16日，引用自奥利弗·威利斯（2020年3月16日），“特朗普称‘通常’责任到他身上——但冠状病毒除外”，《美国独立报》

We’re working to ensure that the supplies are delivered where and when they’re needed, and in some cases, we’re telling governors we can’t go there because we don’t think you need it and we think someplace else needs it. And pretty much, so far, we’ve been right about that. And we’ll continue to do it. As it really gets — this will be probably the toughest week between this week and next week. And there’ll be a lot of death, unfortunately, but a lot less death than if this wasn’t done. But there will be death.
—As quoted in Remarks by President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Members of the Coronavirus Task Force in Press Briefing (April 4, 2020), whitehouse.gov
我们正在努力确保物资在需要的时间和地点送达。在某些情况下，我们会告诉州长们，我们不能去那里，因为我们认为你们不需要，而我们认为其他地方需要。到目前为止，我们在这方面的判断基本正确。我们还会继续这样做。事实上，从本周到下周，这可能是最艰难的一周。不幸的是，死亡人数会很多，但比不这样做要少得多。但死亡还是会存在的。
——摘自特朗普总统、彭斯副总统和冠状病毒工作组成员在新闻发布会上的讲话（2020年4月4日），whitehouse.gov

When someone is president of the United States the authority is total.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-04-13, quoted by Cody Fenwick (13 April 2020), "CNN reporter flat-out contradicts Trump to his face when he claims king-like authority", RawStory
当一个人担任美国总统时，权威就无所不能。
——冠状病毒特别工作组新闻发布会，2020年4月13日，科迪·芬威克（Cody Fenwick）引用（2020年4月13日），“当特朗普宣称拥有国王般的权威时，CNN记者当面断然驳斥了他”，RawStory

There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged & even illegally printed out & fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
—Twitter (26 May 2020)
邮寄选票绝对不可能（绝对不可能！）存在实质性欺诈。邮箱会被盗，选票会被伪造，甚至会被非法打印和欺诈性签名。加州州长正在向数百万居民发送选票，任何居住在该州的人，无论他们是谁，也无论他们是如何到达那里的，都会收到选票。接下来，还会有专业人士告诉所有这些人，他们中的许多人以前从未想过投票，应该如何投票，以及为谁投票。这将是一场被操纵的选举。绝对不可能！
——推特（2020年5月26日）

With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE & FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???
—A tweet (Donald Trump (30 July 2020), With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE & FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???, Twitter, retrieved on 2020-07-30) that received substantial attention with many further sources quoting it, such as Republicans to Trump: You can't delay 2020 election, BBC, 30 July 2020, retrieved on 2020-07-30
2020年将实行全民邮寄投票（而不是缺席投票，后者更好），这将是历史上最不准确、最欺诈性的选举。这将使美国蒙羞。要把选举推迟到人们能够合法、安全地投票为止吗？
—一条推文（唐纳德·特朗普（2020 年 7 月 30 日），“由于采用全民邮寄投票（而不是缺席投票，后者很好），2020 年的选举将成为历史上最不准确和欺诈性的选举。这将使美国非常尴尬。推迟选举，直到人们能够正确、安全地投票？？？”，推特，检索于 2020-07-30）引起了广泛关注，许多其他来源也引用了它，例如共和党人对特朗普说：你不能推迟 2020 年大选，BBC，2020 年 7 月 30 日，检索于 2020-07-30

Q: (Inaudible) if 160,000 people had died on President Obama's watch, do you think you would have called for his resignation?
Trump: No, I wouldn’t have done that. I think it’s — I think it’s been amazing what we’ve been able to do. If we didn’t close up our country, we would have had one and a half or two million people already dead. We’ve called it right; now we don’t have to close it. We understand the disease. Nobody understood it because nobody has ever seen anything like this. The closest thing is, in 1917, they say — right? The great — the great pandemic certainly was a terrible thing, where they lost, anywhere from 50- to 100 million people. Probably ended the Second World War; all the soldiers were sick. That was a — that was a terrible situation. And this is highly contagious. This one is highly, highly contagious. No, if I would have listened to a lot of people, we would have kept it open. And, by the way, we keep it open now, all the way. We keep it open. But we would have kept it open and you could be up to a million and a half or two million people right now — one and a half to two million people. Our people have done a fantastic job — our consultants and our doctors. You know, and with disagreements and with a lot of things happening.
—Remarks by President Trump in Press Briefing | August 10, 2020, issued on: August 11, 2020, whitehouse.gov. Note: In October 2014, Donald Trump tweeted that U.S. President Barack Obama should resign because a doctor who had treated Ebola patients in Guinea returned to the U.S, reported in Did Trump Call for Obama to Resign After Ebola Doctor Returned to U.S.? by David Mikkelson, 15 May 2020, Snopes. And the 1918 flu pandemic lasted from February 1918 to April 1920, years before the World War II which started in 1939.
问：（听不清）如果奥巴马总统任期内有16万人死亡，你认为你会要求他辞职吗？
特朗普：不，我不会这么做。我认为——我认为我们能做到的已经很了不起了。如果我们不封锁我们的国家，早就有150万到200万人死亡了。我们的判断是正确的；现在我们不必封锁了。我们了解这种疾病。没有人了解它，因为没有人见过这样的情况。最接近的情况是1917年，他们说——对吧？那场大流行病确实很可怕，损失了5000万到1亿人。那场大流行病可能结束了第二次世界大战；所有士兵都病了。那是一个——那是一个可怕的局面。而且这种病毒传染性极强。这次疫情传染性极强。不，如果我听取很多人的意见，我们会继续开放。顺便说一句，我们现在一直保持开放。我们保持开放。但我们本来会保持开放，现在可能会有一百五十万或两百万人——一百五十万到两百万。我们的人员——我们的顾问和医生——做得非常出色。你知道，尽管存在分歧，也发生了很多事情。
——特朗普总统在新闻发布会上的讲话 | 2020年8月10日，发布日期：2020年8月11日，whitehouse.gov。注：2014年10月，唐纳德·特朗普在推特上表示，美国总统巴拉克·奥巴马应该辞职，因为一名曾在几内亚治疗过埃博拉患者的医生返回了美国。这在大卫·米克尔森于2020年5月15日发表于Snopes网站的《埃博拉医生返回美国后，特朗普是否呼吁奥巴马辞职？》一文中有所报道。 1918 年流感大流行从 1918 年 2 月持续到 1920 年 4 月，比 1939 年爆发的第二次世界大战早了几年。

Don't talk to me that way, you are lightweight. I'm the president of the United States. Don't ever talk to the president that way.
—Responding to a reporter's questions at a Thanksgiving press conference in Trump news – live: President promises to leave White House before erupting at #DiaperDon Twitter trend (video) published November 27, 2020
别那样跟我说话，你太轻浮了。我是美国总统。永远别那样跟总统说话。
——特朗普新闻直播：感恩节新闻发布会上回答记者提问：总统承诺离开白宫，却因推特上#DiaperDon 的潮流而爆发（视频），发布于2020年11月27日

So, look, all I wanna do, is I wanna find 11,780 votes.
—Spoken to Georgia election officials (including Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger) on January 2, pressuring Secretary of State Brian Kemp to recalculate the 2020 United States presidential election vote in his favor. Audio: Trump berates Ga. secretary of state, urges him to ‘find’ votes, The Washington Post, 3 January 2020, full transcript on CNN
所以，听着，我只想找到11780张选票。
——1月2日，特朗普与佐治亚州选举官员（包括佐治亚州州务卿布拉德·拉芬斯珀格）通话，向州务卿布莱恩·肯普施压，要求他重新计算2020年美国总统大选的选票，使之对他有利。音频：特朗普斥责佐治亚州州务卿，敦促他“找到”选票，《华盛顿邮报》，2020年1月3日，CNN全文摘录

So what?
—January 6, 2021, while watching television news coverage of the 2021 United States Capitol attack in the dining room off of the Oval Office, upon being informed Vice President Mike Pence had been moved to a secure location (Feuer, Alan; Savage, Charlie (October 2, 2024). "Judge Unseals New Evidence in Federal Election Case Against Trump". The New York Times. Goudsward, Andrew (October 2, 2024). "US prosecutors show new details of Trump's bid to overturn election loss". Reuters.)
那又怎样？
——2021年1月6日，在椭圆形办公室外的餐厅里观看2021年美国国会大厦袭击事件的电视新闻报道时，得知副总统迈克·彭斯已被转移到安全地点（艾伦·费尔；查理·萨维奇（2024年10月2日）。“法官公布针对特朗普的联邦选举案新证据”。《纽约时报》。安德鲁·古兹沃德（2024年10月2日）。“美国检察官公布特朗普试图推翻选举失败判决的新细节”。路透社）

Happy Easter to ALL, including the Radical Left CRAZIES who rigged our Presidential Election, and want to destroy our Country!
—Quoted by Martin Pengelly (5 April 2021), Who needs Twitter? Trump wishes happy Easter to 'radical left crazies', The Guardian
祝所有人复活节快乐，包括那些操纵总统大选、妄图毁灭我们国家的极左翼疯子！
——马丁·彭格利（2021年4月5日）《谁还需要推特？特朗普祝“极左翼疯子”复活节快乐》，《卫报》

Leon’s, I’ll tell you what, Elon, Elon, is not going to buy Twitter. … He’s got himself a mess. He said the other day, ‘Oh, I’ve never voted for a Republican.’ I said, ‘I didn’t know that. He told me he voted for me.’ So, he’s another bullshit artist. But he’s not going to be buying it.
—Claimed about Elon Musk, who later bought Twitter. Quoted in "Trump Bashes Elon Musk as ‘Bullshit Artist’ at Alaska Rally", Rolling Stone (July 9, 2022)
莱昂，我跟你说，埃隆，埃隆，不会买下推特的。……他自己把自己搞得一团糟。前几天他说：“哦，我从来没有投过共和党的票。”我说：“我不知道。他告诉我他投了我。”所以，他又是个胡说八道的家伙。但他不会买的。
——这是关于后来收购推特的埃隆·马斯克的说法。引自《滚石》杂志（2022年7月9日）的报道“特朗普在阿拉斯加集会上抨击埃隆·马斯克是‘胡说八道的家伙’”

Just found out that Crooked Joe Biden’s DOJ secretly attacked my Twitter account, making it a point not to let me know about this major “hit” on my civil rights. My Political Opponent is going CRAZY trying to infringe on my Campaign for President. Nothing like this has ever happened before. Does the First Amendment still exist? Did Deranged Jack Smith tell the Unselects to DESTROY & DELETE all evidence?
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110860965885418709
刚刚发现，骗子乔·拜登的司法部秘密攻击了我的推特账户，刻意不让我知道我的公民权利受到了如此重大的“打击”。我的政治对手疯了，试图侵犯我的总统竞选活动。这种事从未发生过。第一修正案还存在吗？疯子杰克·史密斯是不是告诉那些非选民销毁并删除所有证据？
——https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110860965885418709

I don't care about you. I just want your vote.
—10 June 2024 "Trump to Nevada: ’I Don't Care About You... I Just Want Your Vote’", Los Angeles Magazine
我不在乎你。我只想要你的选票。
——2024年6月10日，《洛杉矶杂志》“特朗普前往内华达州：‘我不在乎你……我只想要你的选票’”

People want me to [run for president] all the time … I don't like it. Can you imagine how controversial I'd be? You think about him [Bill Clinton] and the women. How about me with the women? Can you imagine?
—On Hardball with Chris Matthews, as quoted in Deborah Orin (12 July 1999), "Trump ‘toys’ with prez run", New York Post
人们总是希望我[竞选总统]……我不喜欢这样。你能想象我会有多有争议吗？想想他[比尔·克林顿]和那些女人。我和那些女人又怎么样？你能想象吗？
——关于克里斯·马修斯的“硬球”节目，引自黛博拉·奥林（1999年7月12日），“特朗普‘玩弄’总统竞选”，《纽约邮报》

No, I have no age — I mean, I have age limit. I don't want to be like Congressman Foley, with, you know, 12-year-olds,
—Donald Trump Howard Stern Tapes Show Him Saying 35 Is 'Check-Out Time' For Women And Agreeing His Daughter Is A 'Piece Of Ass' (2006) When asked if he has an age limit for women he'll sleep with.
不，我没有年龄限制——我是说，我有年龄限制。我不想像福利议员那样，跟12岁的孩子混在一起。
——唐纳德·特朗普 霍华德·斯特恩的录音带显示，他称35岁是女性“退场时间”，并称自己的女儿是个“混蛋”（2006）当被问及他是否对与其同床共枕的女性有年龄限制时

I make that --- twice now, on a Monday I let returning Iraqi injured soldiers come to the premises. The most beautiful people I've ever seen. But they're missing arms and legs, they're with their wives, sometimes they're with their girlfriends. And the tears are coming down the faces of these people. I mean, thousands and maybe hundreds of thousands, and the Iraqis that have been just maimed and killed. This war is a horrible thing. Now, President Bush says he's religious. And yet 400,000 people, the way I count it, have died, and probably millions have been badly maimed and injured. What's going on? What's going on? And the day we pull out it's going to explode. We're keeping the lid on a little bit. It's still a catastrophe, but the day we pull out, because they're in a civil war. Whether we want to admit it or not, they're in a civil war.
—Interview on "The Situation Room" with Wolf Blitzer (16 March 2007)
我做过两次这样的事——一个星期一，我让归来的伊拉克伤兵来到我的住所。他们是我见过的最美丽的人。但他们缺胳膊少腿，身边带着妻子，有时还带着女朋友。泪水从这些人的脸上流下来。我的意思是，成千上万，甚至几十万，还有那些刚刚伤残或死亡的伊拉克人。这场战争太可怕了。布什总统说他是虔诚的教徒。然而，据我统计，已经有40万人丧生，可能有数百万人严重伤残。这是怎么回事？这是怎么回事？我们撤军的那一天，局势将爆发。我们稍微控制了一下。这仍然是一场灾难，但一旦我们撤军，他们就陷入了内战。不管我们愿不愿意承认，他们已经陷入了内战。 
—沃尔夫·布利策在“情况室”节目中的采访（2007 年 3 月 16 日）

I do have a relationship and I can tell you that he's very interested in what we're doing here today, he's probably very interested in what you and I are saying today, and I'm sure he is going to be seeing it in some form. But I do have a relationship with him, and I think, er, it's very interesting to see what's happened. I mean, look, he's done a very brilliant job in terms of what he represents and who he's representing, if you look at what he's done with Syria, if you look at so many of the different things, he has really eaten our president's lunch, let's not kid ourselves.
—Trump responding to a question about whether he had a relationship with Vladimir Putin during an interview with MSNBC's Thomas Roberts while visiting Moscow for the Miss Universe competition (November 2013)
我确实和他有关系，我可以告诉你，他对我们今天在这里做的事情非常感兴趣，他可能也对你我今天所说的非常感兴趣，而且我相信他会以某种形式看到这些。但我确实和他有关系，而且我认为，呃，看看发生了什么非常有趣。我的意思是，你看，就他所代表的是什么以及他所代表的人而言，他做得非常出色。如果你看看他在叙利亚问题上的表现，如果你看看他所做的那么多不同的事情，你就会发现他真的吃掉了我们总统的午餐，我们不要自欺欺人。
——特朗普在莫斯科参加环球小姐大赛期间接受MSNBC的托马斯·罗伯茨采访时，被问及他是否与弗拉基米尔·普京有关系（2013年11月）

I hate to tell this to the woman, they're behind the fact, they're a little behind the fact. They haven't figured out that women may be in certain ways much better than men. But I don't want to say that because I will get myself in trouble with men. But they haven't figured this out yet but that's OK.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我真不想跟女人说这些，她们对事实一无所知，她们对事实有点儿一无所知。她们还没弄清楚，女性在某些方面可能比男性优秀得多。但我不想这么说，因为这样会惹上男人的麻烦。不过她们还没弄清楚，不过没关系。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

I want to see a woman president soon, but not [Hillary Clinton]. She's a disaster. She's a disaster. She's a disaster. I mean, just think of the corruption and the scandal... We don't want to go through it. We want to see winning. We want to see win, win, win – constant winning. And you'll say – if I'm president... 'Please, Mr. President, we're winning too much. We can't stand it anymore. Can't we have a loss?' And I'll say no, we're going to keep winning, winning, winning... because we're going to make America great again. And you'll say, 'Okay, Mr. President. Okay.'
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我希望很快能看到一位女总统，但不是希拉里·克林顿。她简直是一场灾难。她简直是一场灾难。她简直是一场灾难。我的意思是，想想那些腐败和丑闻……我们不想经历这些。我们想看到胜利。我们想看到胜利、胜利、胜利——持续不断的胜利。你会说——如果我是总统……‘拜托，总统先生，我们赢得太多了。我们再也受不了了。我们不能输吗？’我会说不，我们会继续赢、赢、赢……因为我们会让美国再次伟大。你会说，‘好的，总统先生。好的。’
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学的演讲，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

Such a nasty woman. [of Hillary Clinton]
—Third Presidential debate (19 October 2016), full transcript at fortune.com.
真是个讨厌的女人。[希拉里·克林顿]
——第三次总统辩论（2016年10月19日），完整文字记录请访问fortune.com

Anderson Cooper: You bragged that you have sexually assaulted women. Do you understand that?
Donald Trump: No, I didn't say that at all. I don't think you understood what was — this was locker room talk.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
安德森·库珀：你吹嘘自己性侵过女性。你明白吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：不，我根本没这么说。我觉得你没明白——这只是更衣室里的闲聊。
——《纽约时报》第二场总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
我非常尊重女性。没有人比我更尊重女性。
——《纽约时报》第二场总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

To me more important is taking care of the people that really have proven to be, to love Donald Trump, as opposed to the political people. And frankly if the political people don't take care of these people, they're not going to win and you're going to end up with maybe a total different kind of government than what you're looking at right now. These people are really angry. They're smart, they're workers, and they're angry. I call them the forgotten men and women. And I use that in speeches, I say they're the forgotten people — they were totally forgotten.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
对我来说，更重要的是照顾那些真正热爱唐纳德·特朗普的民众，而不是那些政客。坦白说，如果政客不照顾这些人，他们就赢不了，最终可能就会出现一个与现在截然不同的政府。这些人真的非常愤怒。他们聪明，他们是劳动者，他们也非常愤怒。我称他们为被遗忘的男男女女。我在演讲中也用这个词，我说他们是被遗忘的人——他们完全被遗忘了。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

Today's ceremony, however, has very special meaning. Because today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another, but we are transferring power from Washington, DC, and giving it back to you, the people. For too long, a small group in our Nation's Capital has reaped the rewards of Government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished, but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left, and the factories closed. The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories; their triumphs have not been your triumphs; and while they celebrated in our Nation's Capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. That all changes, starting right here and right now, because this moment is your moment: It belongs to you. It belongs to everyone gathered here today and everyone watching all across America. This is your day. This is your celebration. And this, the United States of America, is your country. What truly matters is not which party controls our Government, but whether our Government is controlled by the people. January 20, 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this Nation again. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. Everyone is listening to you now.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
然而，今天的仪式意义非凡。因为今天，我们不仅仅是将权力从一个政府移交给另一个政府，从一个政党移交给另一个政党，而是将权力从华盛顿特区移交给你们，人民。长期以来，我们国家首都的一小部分人坐享其成，而人民却为此付出了代价。华盛顿繁荣昌盛，但人民却未能分享其财富。政客们发了财，但工作岗位流失，工厂倒闭。当权者保护了自己，却没有保护我们国家的公民。他们的胜利并非你们的胜利；他们的辉煌并非你们的辉煌；当他们在首都庆祝时，全国各地苦苦挣扎的家庭却无处可庆祝。这一切都将改变，从此时此刻开始，因为这一刻是你们的时刻：它属于你们。它属于今天在座的每一个人，以及全美所有观看这一刻的人。这是你们的日子。这是你们的庆典。而这，美利坚合众国，是你们的国家。真正重要的不是哪个政党控制着我们的政府，而是我们的政府是否由人民掌控。2017年1月20日，将被铭记为人民再次成为这个国家统治者的日子。我们国家那些被遗忘的男男女女将不再被遗忘。现在，每个人都在聆听你们的声音。
——就职演说（2017年1月20日）

Today's chemical attack in Syria against innocent people, including women and children, is reprehensible and cannot be ignored by the civilized world. These heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime are a consequence of the past administration's weakness and irresolution. President Obama said in 2012 that he would establish a "red line" against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing. The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this intolerable attack.
—Statement on the Chemical Weapons Attack in Khan Sheikhoun, Syria, American Presidency Project, (6 September 2017)
今天在叙利亚发生的针对包括妇女和儿童在内的无辜民众的化学武器袭击应受谴责，文明世界绝不能忽视。巴沙尔·阿萨德政权的这些令人发指的行径是上届政府软弱和优柔寡断的后果。奥巴马总统在2012年曾表示，他将设立一条针对化学武器使用的“红线”，但之后却无所作为。美国与全球盟友站在一起，谴责这起令人无法容忍的袭击。
——美国总统项目关于叙利亚汗谢洪化学武器袭击的声明（2017年9月6日）

Since the founding of our nation, many of our greatest strides — from gaining our independence to abolition of civil rights to extending the vote for women — have been led by people of faith
—08 February 2019
自建国以来，我们许多最伟大的进步——从赢得独立到废除民权，再到扩大妇女投票权——都是由信仰人士引领的。
—2019年2月8日

Last night was a great night for the United States and for the World. A brutal killer, one who has caused so much hardship and death, was violently eliminated – he will never again harm another innocent man, woman or child. He died like a dog. He died like a coward. The world is now a much safer place.
—Offiical release at Whitehouse.gov (27 October 2019) · Transcript of delivered remarks at The New York Times (27 October 2019) · "President Trump's full announcement on the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi", The Washington Post YouTube channel (27 October 2019)
昨晚对美国乃至全世界来说都是一个伟大的夜晚。一个残暴的杀手，一个造成了如此多苦难和死亡的杀手，被暴力消灭了——他再也不会伤害任何无辜的男人、女人或孩子。他死得像条狗，死得像个懦夫。世界现在变得更加安全了。
——Whitehouse.gov 官方发布（2019 年 10 月 27 日）·《纽约时报》讲话记录（2019 年 10 月 27 日）·《华盛顿邮报》YouTube 频道“特朗普总统关于阿布·贝克尔·巴格达迪之死的完整声明”（2019 年 10 月 27 日）

The first questions are very easy. The last questions are much more difficult, like a memory question. It's like you go, "Person, woman, man, camera, TV". So, they say, "Could you repeat that?" So I said, "Yeah. So it's person, woman, man, camera, TV." Okay. That's very good. If you get it in order, you get extra points.
—As quoted by Peter Wade (23 July 2020), "President Trump Stars in Cognitive Test Part Deux: Person, Woman, Man, Camera, TV", Rolling Stone, on having been given the Montreal Cognitive Assessment.
前几个问题很简单。最后几个问题就难多了，就像一道记忆题。就像你说“人，女人，男人，相机，电视”。然后他们会问：“你能重复一遍吗？”我说：“好的。所以是人，女人，男人，相机，电视。”好的。非常好。如果你按顺序回答，就能加分。
——彼得·韦德（Peter Wade）（2020年7月23日）在接受蒙特利尔认知评估后发表的文章《特朗普总统在认知测试第二部分中大放异彩：人，女人，男人，相机，电视》中说道

Single most dangerous time for our country in history... yet you have people like John Kerry worrying about the climate! The climate! Oh, I heard that the other day. Here we are, [Russian President Vladimir Putin is] threatening us [and] he’s worried about the ocean will rise one-hundredth of one percent over the next 300 fucking’ years.
Two stark reminders about the political challenge of tackling climate change
The Left has become so extreme that we now have a justice being nominated to the Supreme Court who testified under oath that she could not say what a woman is, And a party that's unwilling to admit that men and women are biologically different in defiance of all scientific and human history, is a party that should not be anywhere near the levers of power in the United States of America.
—‘Single most dangerous time’: Trump blasts climate change, CRT, and KBJ
我们国家正处于历史上最危险的时期……然而，像约翰·克里这样的人却在担心气候！气候！哦，我前几天就听说了。现在，[俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京]威胁我们，[而且]他担心海平面在未来300年里会上升百分之一。
两点鲜明地提醒我们应对气候变化的政治挑战
左派已经变得如此极端，以至于我们现在看到一位被提名进入最高法院的大法官在宣誓作证时竟然说她连女人是什么都分不清。而一个无视所有科学和人类历史，却不愿承认男女在生理上存在差异的政党，根本不应该接近美国的权力杠杆。
——“最危险的时期”：特朗普抨击气候变化、CRT和KBJ

I am proud to represent our Failing Nation in fighting the GREATEST POLITICAL WITCH HUNT IN HISTORY. REMOVE THE GAG ORDER SO THAT I CAN SHOW HOW CORRUPT OUR COURT SYSTEM IS. PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES ARE NOT TO BE GAGGED!
—Claimed about a court order to stop repeatedly intimidating witnesses and attacking family members of a judge in a felony court case, quoted in "'I am proud to represent our failing nation': Trump melts down in early morning court rant", MSN / Raw Story (September 4, 2024)
我自豪地代表我们这个失败的国家，对抗历史上最大规模的政治迫害。请撤销禁言令，这样我才能揭露我们的司法系统有多么腐败。总统候选人不应该被禁言！
——声称法院下令停止在一宗重罪案件中反复恐吓证人和攻击法官家属，引自“‘我自豪地代表我们这个失败的国家’：特朗普在清晨法庭咆哮中崩溃”，MSN / Raw Story（2024年9月4日）

LINSEY DAVIS: …Vice President Harris says that women shouldn't trust you on the issue of abortion because you've changed your position so many times. Therefore, why should they trust you?
Well, the reason I'm doing that vote [voting “no” on the Florida abortion ban] is because the plan is, as you know, the vote is, they have abortion in the ninth month. They even have, and you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia, not the current governor, who's doing an excellent job, but the governor before. He said the baby will be born and we will decide what to do with the baby. In other words, we'll execute the baby.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
林赛·戴维斯：……哈里斯副总统说，女性不应该在堕胎问题上信任你，因为你的立场变了很多次。所以，她们凭什么信任你？
我之所以投反对票（对佛罗里达州堕胎禁令投“反对票”），是因为正如你所知，投票结果是，怀孕九个月后可以堕胎。他们甚至允许堕胎，你可以看看西弗吉尼亚州州长，西弗吉尼亚州的前任州长，不是现任州长，他做得非常出色，而是前任州长。他说，孩子出生后，我们会决定如何处理。换句话说，我们会处死孩子。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

KAMALA HARRIS: …If Donald Trump were president, Putin would be sitting in Kyiv right now….
Putin would be sitting in Moscow and he wouldn't have lost 300,000 men and women. But he would have been sitting in Moscow… But eventually, you know, he's got a thing that other people don't have. He's got nuclear weapons. They don't ever talk about that. He's got nuclear weapons. Nobody ever thinks about that. And eventually uh maybe he'll use them. Maybe he hasn't been that threatening. But he does have that. Something we don't even like to talk about.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：……如果唐纳德·特朗普是总统，普京现在肯定在基辅……
普京会待在莫斯科，他不会损失30万名男女。但他肯定待在莫斯科……但最终，你知道，他拥有别人没有的东西。他有核武器。他们从来不谈这个。他有核武器。没人会想到这个。最终，呃，也许他会用到它们。也许他还没有那么具有威胁性。但他确实有核武器。一些我们甚至不愿提及的东西。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

The war is total disaster. It's a catastrophe, nothing less. It is such a shame that this took place. In fact, I gained a lot of respect for our current president's father by the fact that he had the sense not to go in to Iraq. He won the war and then said let's not go the rest of the way and he turned out to be right. And Saddam Hussein, whether they like him or didn't like him, he hated terrorists. He'd shoot and kill terrorists. When terrorists came in to his country, which he did control and he did dominate, he would kill terrorists. Now it's a breeding ground for terrorists. So, look, the war is a total catastrophe...and they have a civil war going on.
—Interview on "The Situation Room" with Wolf Blitzer (16 March 2007)
这场战争简直是一场灾难。简直就是一场大灾难，不折不扣。发生这样的事真是太可惜了。事实上，我非常敬佩我们现任总统的父亲，因为他明智地没有参战伊拉克。他赢得了战争，然后说我们不要再打下去了，事实证明他是对的。至于萨达姆·侯赛因，无论人们喜欢他还是不喜欢他，他都憎恨恐怖分子。他会开枪打死恐怖分子。当恐怖分子进入他控制并统治的国家时，他会毫不留情地杀死恐怖分子。现在，这个国家成了恐怖分子的滋生地。所以，你看，这场战争简直是一场灾难……而且他们还在打内战。
——沃尔夫·布利策在“战况室”节目中的采访（2007年3月16日）

We're in a bubble. We have artificially low interest rates. We have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to me, but I still hate to see what's happening. We have a stock market that is so bloated. Be careful of a bubble because what you've seen in the past might be small potatoes compared to what happens. So be very, very careful.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们正处于泡沫之中。利率被人为压低。坦白说，股市对我来说一直很好，但我仍然不愿看到现在的情况。股市已经膨胀到如此程度。要小心泡沫，因为与未来相比，你过去经历的泡沫可能微不足道。所以要非常非常小心。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

So what I would like to recommend is – if we are going to have continued dialogue – we will work out the wall. They are going to say, "who is going to pay for the wall, Mr. President?" to both of us, and we should both say, "we will work it out." It will work out in the formula somehow. As opposed to you saying, "we will not pay" and me saying, "we will not pay."
—Full transcripts of Trump's calls with Mexico and Australia By Greg Miller, Julie Vitkovskaya and Reuben Fischer-Baum; Aug. 3, 2017 (Friday, January 27, 2017)
所以我想建议的是——如果我们要继续对话——我们就应该共同商讨修墙事宜。他们会问我们俩：“总统先生，谁来出钱建墙？” 我们应该都说：“我们会解决的。” 最终会以某种方式达成协议。而不是你说“我们不会付钱”，我说“我们不会付钱”。
——特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚通话全文 格雷格·米勒、朱莉·维特科夫斯卡娅和鲁本·菲舍尔-鲍姆 2017年8月3日（2017年1月27日，星期五）

I'm a protestant. I'm very proud of it, Presbyterian to be exact, but I'm proud of it, very, very proud. And we've got to protect because bad things are happening, very bad things are happening, and we don't -- I don't know what it is. We don't band together, maybe. Other religions, frankly, they're banding together.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我是新教徒。我为此感到非常自豪，确切地说是长老会教徒，但我为此感到非常非常自豪。我们必须保护，因为糟糕的事情正在发生，非常糟糕的事情正在发生，而我们没有——我不知道是什么。我们可能没有团结起来。坦白说，其他宗教正在团结起来。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

If and when the Vatican is attacked by Isis, which as everyone knows is Isis’s ultimate trophy, the pope can have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president because this would not have happened. Isis would have been eradicated unlike what is happening now with our all talk, no action politicians.
—As quoted in Ben Jacobs, Donald Trump calls Pope Francis 'disgraceful' for questioning his faith, The Guardian (February 18, 2016)
如果梵蒂冈真的遭到伊斯兰国的袭击——众所周知，这是伊斯兰国的终极战利品——教皇只能祈祷唐纳德·特朗普当选总统，因为那样就不会发生。伊斯兰国早就被彻底消灭了，不像现在我们这些政客光说不练。
——据本·雅各布斯报道，唐纳德·特朗普称教皇方济各质疑他的信仰“可耻”，《卫报》（2016年2月18日）

We're led by a man that either is not tough, not smart, or he's got something else in mind. And the something else in mind, you know, people can't believe it, people cannot believe that President Obama is acting the way he acts and can't even mention the words 'radical Islamic terrorism. There's something going on — it's inconceivable. There's something going on. He doesn't get it, or he gets it better than anybody understands. It's one or the other, and either one is unacceptable.
—Phone interview on Fox and Friends, as quoted in Jesse Byrnes (13 June 2016), "Trump on Obama and Islam: 'There's something going on'", The Hill
我们被一个要么不够强硬、不够聪明，要么另有所图的人领导。而所谓的另有所图，你知道，人们简直不敢相信，人们不敢相信奥巴马总统会做出那样的举动，甚至不敢提“激进伊斯兰恐怖主义”这个词。肯定有什么事发生了——这简直不可思议。肯定有什么事发生了。他要么不明白，要么比任何人都更明白。非此即彼，无论哪一种都是不可接受的。
——接受福克斯和朋友们的电话采访，转载自杰西·伯恩斯（2016年6月13日），《特朗普谈奥巴马和伊斯兰教：‘肯定有什么事发生了’》，《国会山报》

Our enemies probably know every single one [of Clinton's deleted emails]. So they probably now have a blackmail file. . . . We can't hand over our government to someone whose deepest, darkest secrets may be in the hands of our enemies. Can't do it."
—speech, 2016-06-22, quoted in Dana Milbank (22 June 2016), "Nobody brings the crazy quite like Trump", Washington Post
我们的敌人可能知道[克林顿删除的每一封邮件]。所以他们现在可能掌握了一份勒索文件……我们不能把我们的政府交给一个可能掌握着敌人最深、最黑暗秘密的人。不能这么做。”
——演讲，2016年6月22日，引自达娜·米尔班克（2016年6月22日），“没有人能像特朗普那样让人疯狂”，《华盛顿邮报》

We're importing radical Islamic terrorism into the West through a failed immigration system and through an intelligence community held back by our president.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我们正在通过失败的移民制度和被总统阻挠的情报机构，将激进的伊斯兰恐怖主义引入西方。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

America must unite the whole civilized world in the fight against Islamic terrorism. Pretty much like we did with communism during the Cold War. We tried it President Obama's way, doesn't work. He gave the world his apology tour. We got ISIS and many other problems in return. That's what we got. Remember the famous apology tour. We're sorry for everything.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
美国必须团结整个文明世界，共同打击伊斯兰恐怖主义。就像冷战时期我们对抗共产主义一样。我们尝试过奥巴马总统的方式，但行不通。他向世界发起了道歉之旅。我们得到的却是ISIS和其他许多问题。这就是我们得到的。记住那次著名的道歉之旅吧。我们对一切深感抱歉。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

It's our right as a sovereign nation to choose immigrants that we think are the likeliest to thrive and flourish and love us.
—Immigration speech (31 August 2016), quoted in "Donald Trump delivers immigration speech after meeting with Mexican president" by CNN Wire, Fox 59.
作为一个主权国家，我们有权选择我们认为最有可能繁荣昌盛、最有可能爱我们的移民。
——移民演讲（2016年8月31日），引自CNN Wire、Fox 59频道的“唐纳德·特朗普会见墨西哥总统后发表移民演讲”

Then, I have an Article II, where I have to the right to do whatever I want as president [...] But I don’t even talk about that.
—Speech at the Turning Point USA Teen Student Action Summit, Washington DC (July 23, 2019), as cited in "While bemoaning Mueller probe, Trump falsely says the Constitution gives him 'the right to do whatever I want'", The Washington Post (July 23, 2019)
然后，我有宪法第二条，规定我作为总统有权为所欲为[...]但我甚至都没提过这个。
——在华盛顿特区“美国青少年学生行动转折点峰会”上的演讲（2019年7月23日），摘自《华盛顿邮报》（2019年7月23日）“特朗普一边抱怨穆勒调查，一边谎称宪法赋予他‘为所欲为的权利’”

I think any Jewish people that vote for a Democrat -- it shows either a total lack of knowledge or great disloyalty.
—Quoted by Maegan Vazquez, Jim Acosta (21 August 2019), "Jewish leaders outraged by Trump saying Jews disloyal if they vote for Democrats", CNN
我认为，任何犹太人投票给民主党，要么表明他们完全缺乏知识，要么表明他们非常不忠诚。
——梅根·巴斯克斯、吉姆·阿科斯塔（2019年8月21日）引述，CNN：“犹太领袖对特朗普称犹太人投票给民主党就是不忠诚的说法表示愤怒。”

My administration has done a job on really working across government and with the private sector, and it’s been incredible. It’s a beautiful thing to watch, I have to say. Unfortunately, the end result of the group we’re fighting — which are hundreds of billions and trillions of germs, or whatever you want to call them — they are bad news. This virus is bad news and it moves quickly, and it spreads as easily as anything anyone has ever seen.
—As quoted in Remarks by President Trump in a Meeting with Supply Chain Distributors on COVID-19 (March 29, 2020), whitehouse.gov.
我的政府在政府与私营部门的通力合作方面做得非常出色，这令人难以置信。我不得不说，这是一件令人欣慰的事情。不幸的是，我们正在对抗的这群细菌——数千亿甚至数万亿的细菌，或者随便你怎么称呼它们——最终带来的却是坏消息。这种病毒本身就是坏消息，它传播迅速，而且传播速度之快前所未有。
——摘自特朗普总统在与供应链分销商就COVID-19召开会议时的讲话（2020年3月29日），whitehouse.gov

I think I’ve done more for the black community than any other President and let’s take a pass on Abraham Lincoln because he did good but although it’s always questionable, you know in other words the end result.
—Trump discussing his leadership and relationship with the African-American community during the George Floyd protests, spoken on a Fox News interview, archived at "What Was Trump Trying to Say About Abraham Lincoln?" by Jeremy Stahl (June 12, 2020), published in Slate.
我认为我为黑人社区做出的贡献比任何一位总统都多，我们不妨略过亚伯拉罕·林肯，因为他确实做了好事，尽管这始终值得商榷，但换句话说，你知道最终的结果。
——特朗普在接受福克斯新闻采访时谈及他在乔治·弗洛伊德抗议期间的领导力以及与非裔美国人社区的关系，存档于杰里米·斯塔尔撰写的《特朗普想对亚伯拉罕·林肯说些什么？》（2020年6月12日），发表于Slate杂志

Critical race theory, the 1619 Project, and the crusade against American history is toxic propaganda, ideological poison that, if not removed, will dissolve the civic bonds that tie us together. It will destroy our country.
—Remarks by President Trump at the White House Conference on American History (17 September 2020)
批判种族理论、“1619计划”以及对美国历史的讨伐，都是有毒的宣传，是意识形态的毒药，如果不加以清除，就会瓦解将我们紧密联系在一起的公民纽带。它将摧毁我们的国家。
——特朗普总统在白宫美国历史会议上的讲话（2020年9月17日）

Big victory moments ago in the State of Nevada. The all Democrat County Commissioner race, on same ballot as President, just thrown out because of large scale voter discrepancy. Clark County officials do not have confidence in their own election security. Major impact!
—Tweet dated November 16, 2020
内华达州刚刚迎来重大胜利。全民主党人组成的县委员竞选，与总统选举同一张选票，由于选票严重失衡而被迫取消。克拉克县官员对自身选举安全缺乏信心。影响重大！
——2020年11月16日推文

If a thief robs a jewelry store of all of its diamonds (the 2020 Presidential Election), the diamonds must be returned.
—10 May 2021
如果小偷抢走了一家珠宝店的所有钻石（例如2020年总统大选），这些钻石必须归还。
—2021年5月10日

There’s people in this country that are Jewish that no longer love Israel.
I’ll tell you the Evangelical Christians love Israel more than the Jews in this country.
It used to be that Israel had absolute power over Congress and today I think it’s the exact opposite, and I think Obama and Biden did that.
And yet in the election, they still get a lot of votes from Jewish people…which tells you that the Jewish people, and I’ve said this for a long time.
The Jewish people in the United States either don’t like Israel or don’t care about Israel.
I mean, you look at The New York Times, The New York Times hates Israel, hates them, and they’re Jewish people that run The New York Times, I mean the Sulzberger family.
—17 December 2021 per Vanity Fair
这个国家有些犹太人不再热爱以色列。
我告诉你，福音派基督徒比这个国家的犹太人更爱以色列。
过去，以色列对国会拥有绝对的权力，而今天我认为情况恰恰相反，我认为奥巴马和拜登就是这样做的。
然而在选举中，他们仍然获得大量犹太人的选票……这说明犹太人，我已经说了很久了。
美国的犹太人要么不喜欢以色列，要么不在乎以色列。
我的意思是，你看看《纽约时报》，《纽约时报》讨厌以色列，恨透了以色列，而经营《纽约时报》的正是犹太人，我指的是苏兹伯格家族。
——2021年12月17日，《名利场》

Warmongering and despicable human being Liz Cheney, who is hated by the great people of Wyoming (down 35!), keeps saying, over and over again, that HER Fake Unselect Committee may recommend CRIMINAL CHARGES against a President of the United States who got more votes than any sitting President in history,
—Said about Republican Congress Member Liz Cheney after she mentioned the possibility of raising criminal charges against Trump for his role in connection with the January 6 attack on the Congress of the United States, quoted in "Trump rips ‘despicable’ Liz Cheney after she suggests Jan. 6 charges for ex-president", New York Post, 4 July 2022
好战且卑鄙的利兹·切尼，被怀俄明州（下降了35位！）的伟大人民所憎恨，却一遍又一遍地声称，她那个虚伪的非特别委员会可能会建议对这位得票数超过历史上任何一位现任总统的美国总统提出刑事指控。
——这是共和党国会议员利兹·切尼在提到可能就特朗普在1月6日袭击美国国会事件中所扮演的角色提出刑事指控后发表的评论。引自《纽约邮报》，2022年7月4日，《特朗普抨击‘卑鄙的’利兹·切尼，此前她建议对前总统提出1月6日的指控》

I believe we have a compromised president. He was bribed, and now he’s being blackmailed. He’s a Manchurian Candidate. That’s why Crooked Joe is letting other countries walk all over the United States.
—Truth Social Post on August 15, 2023.
我相信我们的总统已经妥协了。他之前收受贿赂，现在又被勒索。他是个“满洲候选人”。这就是为什么“骗子乔”会让其他国家欺负美国。
—2023 年 8 月 15 日的 Truth Social Post

She doesn’t like Jewish people. You know it, I know it and everybody knows it and nobody wants to say it.
—30 July 2024 claimed about US Vice President Kamala Harris, who is married to a Jewish husband. Quoted in "Trump claims Harris ‘doesn’t like Jews,’ seems to agree with calling her husband ‘a crappy Jew’", Times of Israel
她不喜欢犹太人。你知道，我知道，每个人都知道，只是没人愿意说出来。
——2024年7月30日，有人声称美国副总统卡马拉·哈里斯嫁给了一位犹太人丈夫。引自《以色列时报》“特朗普声称哈里斯‘不喜欢犹太人’，似乎也同意称她丈夫为‘蹩脚的犹太人’”

If you are Jewish, regardless of Israel, if you’re Jewish, if you vote for a Democrat, you’re a fool, an absolute fool.
—30 July 2024 "Trump Agrees With Radio Host Who Calls Emhoff a ‘Crappy Jew’", The Daily Beast
如果你是犹太人，不管以色列怎么样，如果你是犹太人，如果你投票给民主党人，你就是个傻瓜，十足的傻瓜。
——2024年7月30日《每日野兽》“特朗普同意电台主持人称埃姆霍夫为‘蹩脚犹太人’”

What are the chances that Crooked Joe Biden, the WORST President in the history of the U.S., whose Presidency was Unconstitutionally STOLEN from him by Kamabla, Barrack HUSSEIN Obama, Crazy Nancy Pelosi, Shifty Adam Schiff, Cryin' Chuck Schumer, and others on the Lunatic Left, CRASHES the Democrat National Convention and tries to take back the Nomination, beginning with challenging me to another DEBATE. He feels that he made a historically tragic mistake by handing over the U.S. Presidency, a COUP, to the people in the World he most hates, and he wants it back, NOW!!!
—6 August 2024 Cited in "Donald Trump Suggests Biden May Try to 'Take Back The Nomination'", Newsweek
乔·拜登，美国历史上最糟糕的总统，他的总统宝座被卡玛布拉、巴拉克·侯赛因·奥巴马、疯狂的南希·佩洛西、狡猾的亚当·希夫、哭泣的查克·舒默以及其他疯狂的左翼人士违宪窃取，他破坏民主党全国代表大会，试图夺回提名，首先是挑战我进行另一场辩论。他认为自己犯了一个历史性的悲剧性错误，将美国总统宝座交给了他最憎恨的世界上的人，这是一场政变，他现在就想要夺回提名！！！
——2024年8月6日，引自《新闻周刊》“唐纳德·特朗普暗示拜登可能试图‘夺回提名’”

KAMALA HARRIS: …You will see during the course of his rallies he talks about fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter. He will talk about windmills cause cancer. And what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early out of exhaustion and boredom….
First let me respond as to the rallies. She said people start leaving. People don't go to her rallies. There's no reason to go. And the people that do go, she's busing them in and paying them to be there. And then showing them in a different light. So, she can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. That's because people want to take their country back. Our country is being lost. We're a failing nation. And it happened three and a half years ago. And what, what's going on here, you're going to end up in World War 3, just to go into another subject. What they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country. And look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States. And a lot of towns don't want to talk -- not going to be Aurora or Springfield. A lot of towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it. In Springfield, they're eating the dogs. The people that came in. They're eating the cats. They're eating -- they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country. And it's a shame….
DAVID MUIR: I just want to clarify here, you bring up Springfield, Ohio. And ABC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there have been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured or abused by individuals within the immigrant community --
Well, I've seen people on television
DAVID MUIR: Let me just say here this ...
The people on television say my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe he said that and maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager.
DAVID MUIR: I'm not taking this from television. I'm taking it from the city manager.
But the people on television say their dog was eaten by the people that went there.
DAVID MUIR: Again, the Springfield city manager says there's no evidence of that.
We'll find out.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：……你会看到他在集会期间谈论像汉尼拔·莱克特这样的虚构人物。他会谈论风车致癌。你还会注意到，人们开始因为疲惫和无聊而提前离开他的集会……
首先，让我回应一下集会的问题。她说人们开始离开。人们不去参加她的集会。没有理由去。而那些去的人，她用巴士把他们接来，付钱让他们去。然后用不同的视角来展示他们。所以，她不能谈论这个。人们不离开我的集会。我们拥有政治史上规模最大、最令人难以置信的集会。那是因为人们想要夺回他们的国家。我们的国家正在沦陷。我们是一个失败的国家。这一切都发生在三年半前。现在发生了什么，你们最终会卷入第三次世界大战，这只是另一个话题。他们允许数以百万计的人进入我们的国家，对我们国家造成了什么影响？看看美国各地城镇的现状吧。很多城镇不愿谈论此事——奥罗拉和斯普林菲尔德不会例外。很多城镇不愿谈论此事，因为他们对此感到羞耻。在斯普林菲尔德，他们吃狗，吃那些移民。他们吃猫，吃——吃当地居民的宠物。这就是我们国家正在发生的事情。这真是可耻……
大卫·缪尔：我只是想澄清一下，你提到了俄亥俄州的斯普林菲尔德。ABC新闻确实联系了那里的市长。他告诉我们，目前还没有可靠的报告显示，移民社区内有人伤害、损伤或虐待宠物——
嗯，我在电视上看到过。
大卫·缪尔：我只想说……
电视上的人说我的狗被抓走了，被用来当食物了。所以，也许他是这么说的，而对于一位城市经理来说，这或许是件好事。
大卫·缪尔：我不是从电视上听到的，而是从城市经理那里听到的。
但电视上的人说，他们的狗被去那里的人吃掉了。
大卫·缪尔：再次强调，斯普林菲尔德市经理说没有证据证明这一点。
我们会找到答案的。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

DAVID MUIR: You were the president. You were watching [the January 6th attack on the U.S. Capitol] unfold on television. It’s a very simple question as we move forward toward another election. Is there anything you regret about what you did on that day? Yes or no.
I had nothing to do with that other than they asked me to make a speech. I showed up for a speech. I said, I think it’s going to be big. I went to Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of Washington, D.C. And the mayor put it back in writing, as you know. I said, you know, this is going to be a very big rally or whatever you want to call it. And again, it wasn’t done by me. It was done by others. I said I’d like to give you 10,000 National Guard or soldiers. They rejected me. Nancy Pelosi rejected me. It was just two weeks ago, her daughter has a tape of her saying she is fully responsible for what happened. They want to get rid of that tape. It would have never happened if Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of Washington did their jobs. I wasn’t responsible for security. Nancy Pelosi was responsible. She didn’t do her job.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
戴维·缪尔：您当时是总统。您在电视上观看了[1月6日美国国会大厦遇袭事件]的进展。在我们即将迎来又一次选举之际，这是一个非常简单的问题。您对那天的所作所为有什么后悔吗？是或否。
除了他们邀请我发表演讲之外，我和那件事没有任何关系。我出席了演讲。我说，我认为这将会是一场盛大的集会。我去找了南希·佩洛西和华盛顿特区市长。你知道，市长最终以书面形式回复了此事。我说，你知道，这将是一场非常盛大的集会，或者随便你怎么称呼它。再说一次，这不是我做的，是其他人做的。我说我想给你们调遣1万名国民警卫队或士兵。他们拒绝了我。南希·佩洛西也拒绝了我。就在两周前，她女儿有一段录音，录音中她表示她对所发生的事情负全部责任。他们想销毁那盘录像带。如果南希·佩洛西和华盛顿市长尽职尽责，这件事就永远不会发生。我没有负责安全事务。南希·佩洛西才是负责人。她没有尽职尽责。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

KAMALA HARRIS: …Let's remember, this is the same individual who took out a full-page ad in The New York Times calling for the execution of five young Black and Latino boys who were innocent, the Central Park Five. Took out a full-page ad calling for their execution….
This is the most divisive presidency in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it. They're destroying our country. And they come up with things like what she just said going back many, many years when a lot of people including Mayor Bloomberg agreed with me on the Central Park Five. They admitted -- they said, they pled guilty. And I said, well, if they pled guilty they badly hurt a person, killed a person ultimately. And if they pled guilty -- then they pled we're not guilty.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：……让我们记住，这个人就是在《纽约时报》上刊登整版广告，呼吁处决五名无辜的黑人和拉丁裔男孩——“中央公园五人案”的人。刊登整版广告，呼吁处决他们……
这是我们国家历史上最具分裂性的总统任期。从未有过这样的事情。他们正在摧毁我们的国家。他们编造了她刚才说的那些话，很多很多年前，包括布隆伯格市长在内的很多人都同意我对“中央公园五人案”的看法。他们承认——他们说，他们认罪了。我说，好吧，如果他们认罪，他们严重伤害了一个人，最终杀死了一个人。如果他们认罪——那么他们就认罪了，我们无罪。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

I see that Highly Overrated Bruce Springsteen goes to a Foreign Country to speak badly about the President of the United States. Never liked him, never liked his music, or his Radical Left Politics and, importantly, he's not a talented guy - Just a pushy, obnoxious JERK
Has anyone noticed that, since I said 'I HATE TAYLOR SWIFT,' she’s no longer 'HOT?
—"Trump calls Bruce Springsteen 'obnoxious jerk' after singer voiced criticism at concert", USA Today (May 16, 2025)
我看到被高估的布鲁斯·斯普林斯汀跑到国外去说美国总统的坏话。我从来都不喜欢他，也从来都不喜欢他的音乐，更别提他的激进左翼政治立场了。更重要的是，他根本就没什么才华——就是个爱出风头、令人讨厌的混蛋。
有没有人注意到，自从我说“我讨厌泰勒·斯威夫特”之后，她就不再“火辣”了？
——“特朗普在布鲁斯·斯普林斯汀演唱会上批评她后，称她‘令人讨厌的混蛋’”，《今日美国》（2025年5月16日）

Rona Barrett: Would you like to be the President of the United States?
Donald Trump: I really don't believe I would, Rona. But I would like to see somebody as the president who could do the job, and there are very capable people in this country.
Barrett: Why wouldn't you dedicate yourself to public service?
Trump: Because I think it's a very mean life. I would love, and I would dedicate my life to this country but I see it as being a mean life, and I also see it in somebody with strong views, and somebody with the kind of views that are maybe a little bit unpopular, which may be right, but may be unpopular, wouldn't necessarily have a chance of getting elected against somebody with no great brain but a big smile.
—An interview with Rona Barrett (1980)
罗娜·巴雷特：你想当美国总统吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：罗娜，我真的不认为我会当。但我希望看到一位能够胜任这份工作的总统，而且这个国家有很多非常有能力的人。
巴雷特：你为什么不献身于公共服务？
特朗普：因为我觉得这是一种非常卑微的生活。我愿意，也愿意为这个国家奉献我的一生，但我认为这是一种卑微的生活，而且我也认为，一个持有强烈观点的人，一个持有可能有点不受欢迎的观点的人，这种观点可能是对的，但也可能不受欢迎，与一个没有伟大头脑但笑容灿烂的人相比，他不一定有机会当选。
——罗娜·巴雷特访谈（1980）

For his part, Obama said he's just focused on winning the nomination although at least one member on his team said Clinton would make a good vice president. Well, I know her and she'd make a good president or good vice president.
—About the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries in an audio from "Trumped!", a syndicated radio feature that aired from 2004 to 2008. As quoted in Donald Trump Once Said Hillary Clinton Would Make A 'Good President' (July 12, 2016) by Tara John, The Times.
奥巴马则表示，他只专注于赢得提名，尽管他的团队中至少有一名成员表示，希拉里·克林顿会是一位优秀的副总统。嗯，我了解她，她会是一位优秀的总统或优秀的副总统。
——这是一段关于2008年民主党总统初选的音频，摘自2004年至2008年播出的联合广播节目“特朗普！”。引自《纽约时报》塔拉·约翰在《唐纳德·特朗普曾说希拉里·克林顿会是一位“好总统”》（2016年7月12日）中的文章

Donald Trump: Meredith, he spent two million dollars in legal fees trying to get away from this issue. And if he weren't lying, why wouldn't he just solve it? And I wish he would, because if he doesn't, it's one of the greatest scams in the history of politics, and in the history period. You are not allowed to be a president if you're not born in this country. He may not be born in this country. And I'll tell you what, three weeks ago I thought he was born in this country. Right now, I have some real doubts. I have people that actually have been studying it and they cannot believe what they're finding.
Meredith Vieira: You have people now, down there searching—
Trump: Absolutely.
Vieira: I mean, in Hawaii?
Trump: Absolutely. And they cannot believe what they're finding. I would like to have him show his birth certificate, and can I be honest with you, I hope he can. Because if he can't, if he can't, if he wasn't born in this country, which is a real possibility, I'm not saying it hap— I'm saying it's a real possibility, much greater than I thought two or three weeks ago, then he has pulled one of the great cons in the history of politics. And beyond politics.
regarding Barack Obama
Two million dollars is the sum of all the Obama presidential campaign's post-election legal expenses.
—Today, NBC, 7 April 2011
唐纳德·特朗普：梅雷迪斯，他花了两百万美元的律师费试图逃避这个问题。如果他没撒谎，为什么不直接解决这个问题呢？我希望他能，因为如果他不这么做，这将是政治史上，乃至整个历史时期最大的骗局之一。如果你不是在这个国家出生，你就不能当总统。他可能就不是在这个国家出生的。而且我告诉你，三周前我还以为他出生在这个国家。现在，我真的很怀疑。我有人一直在研究这个问题，他们简直不敢相信他们的发现。
梅雷迪斯·维埃拉：现在有人在那里搜寻——
特朗普：绝对没错。
维埃拉：我是说，在夏威夷？
特朗普：绝对没错。他们简直不敢相信他们的发现。我希望他能出示他的出生证明，说实话，我希望他能。因为如果他做不到，如果他做不到，如果他不是在这个国家出生——这确实有可能——我不是说这会发生——我是说这确实有可能，比我两三周前预想的要大得多，那么他就完成了政治史上最伟大的骗局之一。而且超越了政治。
关于巴拉克·奥巴马
200万美元是奥巴马总统竞选团队所有选举后法律费用的总和。
——《今日秀》，NBC，2011年4月7日

Mitt is tough. He is smart. He is sharp. He is not going to allow bad things to continue to happen to this country that we all love. So Gov. Romney, go out and get em. You can do it.
—Quoted in Corbett B. Daly (2 February 2012), "Trump endorses Mitt Romney for president", CBS News
米特很强硬。他聪明睿智。他敏锐敏锐。他不会允许坏事继续发生在我们深爱的这个国家。所以，罗姆尼州长，出去把他们打下来吧。你能做到的。
——摘自科贝特·B·戴利（2012年2月2日）的文章《特朗普支持米特·罗姆尼竞选总统》，哥伦比亚广播公司新闻

Obama is going to be out playing golf. He might be on one of my courses. I would invite him, I actually would say. I have the best courses in the world, so I'd say, you what, if he wants to — I have one right next to the White House, right on the Potomac. If he'd like to play, that's fine. In fact, I'd love him to leave early and play, that would be a very good thing.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
奥巴马要出去打高尔夫球。他可能会去我的某个球场。我会邀请他，真的会这么说。我拥有世界上最好的球场，所以我会说，如果他想去的话——我就有一个球场，就在白宫旁边，波托马克河畔。如果他想打球，那没问题。事实上，我希望他能早点离开去打球，那会是件非常好的事。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦发表宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I have lobbyists. I have to tell you. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. They're great. But you know what? it won't happen. It won't happen. Because we have to stop doing things for some people, but for this country, it's destroying our country. We have to stop, and it has to stop now.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我有说客。我得告诉你。我有说客，他们什么都能帮我搞定。他们很棒。但你知道吗？这不会发生。不会发生。因为我们必须停止为某些人做事，但对这个国家来说，这正在摧毁我们的国家。我们必须停止，现在就必须停止。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I love China. The biggest bank in the world is from China. You know where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower. I love China. People say, "Oh, you don't like China?" No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we can't sustain ourself with that.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我爱中国。世界上最大的银行都来自中国。你知道他们的美国总部在哪里吗？就在这栋楼里，特朗普大厦。我爱中国。人们会说：“哦，你不喜欢中国？”不，我爱他们。但他们的领导人比我们的领导人聪明得多，我们无法靠这种聪明来维持下去。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I know the smartest negotiators in the world. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我认识世界上最聪明的谈判者。我知道哪些是好的，哪些是坏的，也知道哪些是被高估的。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

All of these politicians that I'm running against now, they're trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn't answer the question. He didn't know. I said, "Is he intelligent?" Then I looked at Rubio. He was unable to answer the question, is Iraq a good thing or bad thing? He didn't know. He couldn't answer the question. How are these people gonna lead us? How are we gonna — how are we gonna go back and make it great again? We can't. They don't have a clue. They can't lead us. They can't. They can't even answer simple questions. It was terrible.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我现在竞选的所有这些政客都在试图撇清关系。我的意思是，你看看布什，他花了五天时间才回答关于伊拉克的问题。他回答不了这个问题。他不知道。我说：“他聪明吗？” 然后我又看了看卢比奥。他也无法回答这个问题：伊拉克是好事还是坏事？他不知道。他无法回答这个问题。这些人要如何领导我们？我们要如何——我们要如何回到过去，让美国再次伟大？我们做不到。他们毫无头绪。他们领导不了我们。他们做不到。他们甚至连简单的问题都回答不了。这太糟糕了。——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲
——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Saudi Arabia is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other things, the oil is all over the place. And I used to say it, there are ships at sea, and this was during the worst crisis, that were loaded up with oil, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were smarter than our leaders. They were smarter than our leaders.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
沙特阿拉伯麻烦大了。现在，由于水力压裂和其他因素，石油资源泛滥成灾。我以前常说，在最严重的危机期间，海上满载着石油的船只，而卡特尔组织却维持着油价的上涨，因为，再说一次，他们比我们的领导人更聪明。他们比我们的领导人更聪明。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I think I am a nice person. People that know me, like me. Does my family like me? I think so, right. Look at my family. I'm proud of my family.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我觉得我是个好人。认识我的人都喜欢我。我的家人喜欢我吗？我想是的，没错。看看我的家人。我为我的家人感到骄傲。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct.
—Republican Presidential Debate 2015 — "Annotated transcript: The Aug. 6 GOP debate", The Washington Post, 6 August 2015
我认为这个国家最大的问题在于政治正确。
——2015年共和党总统辩论——“注释记录：8月6日共和党辩论”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年8月6日

Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
—Tweets — quoted in Doina Chiacu (20 September 2015), "Trump defend Obama? 'I don't think so!'", Reuters
每次有人发表关于总统的负面或争议言论时，我是否在道义上有义务为总统辩护？我不这么认为！
这是我一生中第一次因为没有发言而引发争议。
——推文——引自多伊娜·基亚库 (Doina Chiacu) (2015年9月20日) 的文章“特朗普为奥巴马辩护？‘我不这么认为！’”，路透社

I've always said, if you run for president, you shouldn't be allowed to use teleprompters. Because you don't even know if the guy is smart.
—Norcross, Georgia, 2015-10-10, quoted in Joe Concha (21 July 2016), "Teleprompter Trump: the right temperament or low-energy Donald?", The Hill
我一直说，如果你竞选总统，就不应该允许你使用提词器。因为你甚至不知道这个人是否聪明。
——佐治亚州诺克罗斯，2015年10月10日，引用自乔·康查（2016年7月21日），“提词器特朗普：性格合适还是精力不足的唐纳德？”，《国会山报》

I have read a lot about it and I watched it and Liberty University, like a rocket ship, a really great rocket ship.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我读过很多关于它的文章，也亲眼目睹过它和自由大学，它就像一艘火箭，一艘非常棒的火箭。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

I'm in first place. I said when you're in first place, you discuss polls.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我排在第一位。我说，当你排在第一位时，你就会讨论民调。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

We're going to protect Christianity, and I can say that. I don't have to be politically correct. We're going to protect it. I hear this is a major theme right here, but two Corinthians, 3:17, that's the whole ball game. "Where the Spirit of the Lord", right, "where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty", and here there is Liberty College, but Liberty University, but it is so true. You know, when you think -- and that's really -- is that the one? Is that the one you like? I think that's the one you like because I loved it, and it's so representative of what's taken place. But we are going to protect Christianity. And if you look what's going on throughout the world, you look at Syria where if you're Christian, they're chopping off heads. You look at the different places, and Christianity, it's under siege.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我们要保护基督教，我可以这么说。我不必政治正确。我们要保护它。我听说这是一个重要的主题，但哥林多后书3:17才是关键所在。“主的灵在哪里”，对，“主的灵在哪里，那里就得以自由”，这里提到了自由学院，但自由大学，这千真万确。你知道，当你思考——这真的——这就是那所学校吗？你喜欢那所学校吗？我想你会喜欢那所学校，因为我很喜欢它，它非常能代表正在发生的事情。但我们要保护基督教。如果你看看世界各地正在发生的事情，看看叙利亚，如果你是基督徒，他们就会砍掉你的头。你看看不同的地方，基督教正受到围攻。
— 总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学的演讲，C-SPAN（2016 年 1 月 18 日）

And my generals, by the way, they're not going on television, OK? So the enemy can learn all about it. Oh, well, then we attack.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
顺便说一句，我的将军们，他们不会上电视的，好吗？这样敌人就能知道一切了。哦，好吧，那我们就进攻。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学演讲，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

When our sailors were captured last week, I said that's one of the saddest things that I have seen when those young people were on their hands and knees in a begging position with their hands up and thugs behind them with guns, and then we talk like it's OK. It's not OK. It's lack of respect. We can't let that happen to this country. It's lack of respect.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
上周我们的水兵被俘时，我说这是我见过的最悲惨的事情之一：那些年轻人跪地乞讨，双手高举，身后跟着持枪的暴徒，而我们却说这没什么。这完全不对。这是对尊重的缺乏。我们不能让这种事情发生在这个国家。这是对尊重的缺乏。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学的讲话，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

If I'm president, you're going to see 'Merry Christmas' in department stores, believe me.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
如果我当选总统，你们会在百货商店看到“圣诞快乐”，相信我。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学演讲，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

I'm truly honored by your support. Together, we accomplished what nobody thought was absolutely possible and you know what that is and we're only getting started and it's going to be beautiful, remember that. Tonight we close one chapter in history and we begin another. Our campaign received more primary votes than any GOP campaign in history, no matter who it is, no matter who they are, we received more votes. This is a great feeling. That's a great feeling. This is not a testament to me but a testament to all of the people who believed real change, not Obama change, but real change is possible. You've given me the honor to lead the Republican Party to victory this fall.
—Victory speech after winning New Jersey and other states Tuesday night (7 June 2016) – Time transcript
我很荣幸能得到你们的支持。我们携手完成了一件没人认为绝对可能实现的事情，你们知道那意味着什么，我们才刚刚开始，这将是美好的，记住这一点。今晚，我们结束了历史的一个篇章，开启了另一个篇章。我们的竞选活动获得的初选票比历史上任何共和党竞选活动都多，无论是谁，无论他们是谁，我们都获得了更多选票。这是一种很棒的感觉。这感觉很棒。这不仅仅是对我的证明，而是对所有相信真正的改变——不是奥巴马式的改变，而是真正的改变是可能的——的人们的证明。你们给了我带领共和党在今年秋天走向胜利的荣誉。
——周二晚（2016年6月7日）赢得新泽西州和其他州后的胜利演讲——《时代》杂志文字稿

When I'm elected I will suspend immigration from areas of the world where there's a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies until we fully understand how to end these threats. ... After a full and partial and long — really long overdue security assessment we will develop a responsible immigration policy that serves the interests and values of America.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
如果我当选，我将暂停来自世界上那些已被证实存在针对美国、欧洲或我们盟友的恐怖主义历史的地区的移民，直到我们完全了解如何终结这些威胁。……在进行全面、部分且早已——实际上早就应该进行的——安全评估之后，我们将制定一项负责任的移民政策，以服务于美国的利益和价值观。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

I'm going to be working for you. I'm not going to have time to go play golf.
—Trump used to have a slightly different opinion of presidents playing golf by Phillip Bump, Washington Post, August 8 Virginia rally (August 20, 2016)
我要去给你工作了。我没时间去打高尔夫球了。
——特朗普以前对总统打高尔夫球的看法略有不同，菲利普·邦普，《华盛顿邮报》，8月8日弗吉尼亚州集会（2016年8月20日）

If I'm ISIS, I call her (Hillary Clinton) up and I give her the most valuable player award. ... And I guarantee you with Libya, which was her baby, and all of the other mistakes she has made. Obama takes now, because obviously, for him, that's the better alternative, all right? But he has been an incompetent president. He has done a horrible job.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
如果我是ISIS，我会打电话给她（希拉里·克林顿），给她颁发最有价值球员奖……我敢保证，利比亚问题，那是她亲手做的，还有她犯下的所有其他错误，都会得到回报。奥巴马现在接手，因为对他来说，这显然是更好的选择，对吧？但他一直是个无能的总统。他的工作糟透了。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much. ... See, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. No wonder you've been fighting ISIS your entire adult life.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
她正在告诉我们如何对抗ISIS。去她的网站看看就知道了。她会在她的网站上告诉你如何对抗ISIS。我觉得道格拉斯·麦克阿瑟将军不会太喜欢这样。……你看，你把你想做的事都告诉了敌人。难怪你成年后一直在与ISIS作战。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

I'm going to fight for every American in every last part of this nation. We have a president who doesn't fight. He goes out and plays golf all the time.
—Hardball with Chris Matthews, August 4, 2017 October 23 rally
我要为这个国家的每一位美国人、每一个角落而战。我们有一位不打仗的总统。他整天出去打高尔夫球。
——克里斯·马修斯的“硬球”节目，2017年8月4日，10月23日集会

...if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your [Hilary Clinton's] situation, because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it, and we're going to have a special prosecutor.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
……如果我赢了，我会指示我的司法部长派一名特别检察官来调查你（希拉里·克林顿）的情况，因为从来没有这么多谎言，这么多欺骗。从来没有发生过这样的事，我们会派一名特别检察官来调查。
——《纽约时报》第二场总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

Martha Raddatz: ...you, Secretary Clinton, purportedly say you need both a public and private position on certain issues....
Clinton: As I recall, that was something I said about Abraham Lincoln after having seen the wonderful Steven Spielberg movie ...
Trump: Now she's blaming the lie on the late, great Abraham Lincoln. That's one that I haven't... OK, Honest Abe, Honest Abe never lied. That's the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. We're talking about some difference.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
玛莎·拉达兹：……据说你，克林顿国务卿，在某些问题上既需要公开立场，也需要私下立场……
克林顿：我记得，那是我在看完史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格的精彩电影后，对亚伯拉罕·林肯说的话……
特朗普：现在她把谎言归咎于已故的伟大的亚伯拉罕·林肯。这一点我从未……好吧，诚实的亚伯，诚实的亚伯从未撒过谎。这是一件好事。这就是亚伯拉罕·林肯和你之间的巨大差异。这是一个非常非常大的区别。我们正在谈论某种差异。
——第二次总统辩论记录，《纽约时报》（2016年10月9日）

I know nothing about Russia. I know — I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
我对俄罗斯一无所知。我知道——我知道俄罗斯，但我对俄罗斯的内部运作一无所知。
——第二次总统辩论记录，《纽约时报》（2016年10月9日）

We are very blessed to call this nation our home. And that is what America is: it is our home. It's where we raise our families, care for our loved ones, look out for our neighbors, and live out our dreams. It is my prayer, that on this Thanksgiving, we begin to heal our divisions and move forward as one country, strengthened by a shared purpose and very, very common resolve. In declaring this national holiday, President Lincoln called upon Americans to speak with "one voice and one heart." That's just what we have to do. We have just finished a long and bruising political campaign. Emotions are raw and tensions just don't heal overnight. It doesn't go quickly, unfortunately, but we have before us the chance now to make history together to bring real change to Washington, real safety to our cities, and real prosperity to our communities, including our inner cities. So important to me, and so important to our country. But to succeed, we must enlist the effort of our entire nation. This historic political campaign is now over. Now begins a great national campaign to rebuild our country and to restore the full promise of America for all of our people. I am asking you to join me in this effort. It is time to restore the bonds of trust between citizens. Because when America is unified, there is nothing beyond our reach, and I mean absolutely nothing. Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Thank you. God Bless You and God Bless America.
—A Thanksgiving Message from President-Elect Donald J. Trump (23 November 2016)
我们非常荣幸能将这个国家称为我们的家园。美国就是这样：它是我们的家园。在这里，我们养育家庭，关爱亲人，关怀邻里，实现梦想。我祈祷，在这个感恩节，我们能够弥合分歧，团结一致，共同前进，在共同的目标和坚定的决心下更加强大。林肯总统宣布这个全国性节日时，呼吁美国人“同心同德”。这正是我们必须做的。我们刚刚结束了一场漫长而艰苦的政治竞选。情绪激动，紧张局势并非一朝一夕就能弥合。不幸的是，这一切不会很快结束，但现在我们面前有机会共同创造历史，为华盛顿带来真正的变革，为我们的城市带来真正的安全，为我们的社区，包括内城区带来真正的繁荣。这对我来说如此重要，对我们的国家也如此重要。但要想取得成功，我们必须凝聚全民的力量。这场历史性的政治竞选现已结束。现在，一场伟大的全国性运动拉开帷幕，重建我们的国家，重拾美国对全体人民的全部承诺。我诚邀各位与我携手共进。现在是重建公民之间信任纽带的时候了。因为当美国团结一致时，没有什么是我们无法企及的，我指的是绝对没有。让我们感恩我们所拥有的一切，让我们勇敢地面对前方激动人心的新领域。谢谢大家。愿上帝保佑你们，愿上帝保佑美国。
——当选总统唐纳德·J·特朗普感恩节致辞（2016年11月23日）

I think the popular vote would have been easier in a true sense because you'd go to a few places. I think that's the genius of the Electoral College. I was never a fan of the Electoral College until now.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我认为普选实际上会更容易，因为你会去几个地方。我认为这就是选举人团制度的妙处。在此之前，我从未真正喜欢过选举人团制度。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

As we stand together with our Irish friends, I'm reminded of that proverb – and this is a good one, this is one I like, I've heard it for many many years and I love it – "Always remember to forget the friends that proved untrue, but never forget to remember those that have stuck by you." We know that, politically speaking, a lot of us know that, we know it well, it's a great phrase.
—Trump speaking during a visit of Enda Kenny, the then Irish head of government (17 March 2017)
当我们与爱尔兰朋友们站在一起时，我想起了那句谚语——这句谚语说得好，我很喜欢，我已经听了很多年，我爱它——“永远记住忘记那些不忠的朋友，但永远不要忘记那些一直陪伴着你的人。”我们知道，从政治角度来说，我们很多人都知道这一点，我们对此了如指掌，这是一句很棒的谚语。
——特朗普在访问爱尔兰时任政府首脑恩达·肯尼时发表讲话（2017年3月17日）

I think we've done more than perhaps any president in the first 100 days.... Not since [President] Harry Truman has anybody done so much.
—Interview with President Trump, "Full interview with President Trump on his first 100 days", 28 April 2017.
我认为我们所做的或许比任何一位总统在上任后的100天里所做的都要多……自哈里·杜鲁门总统以来，还没有人做过这么多。
——特朗普总统访谈，“特朗普总统上任100天完整访谈”，2017年4月28日

Oh my God. This is terrible. This is the end of my Presidency. I'm fucked.
—On the appointment of a special counsel in the Russia investigation. As quoted in "Report On The Investigation Into Russian Interference In The 2016 Presidential Election" by Robert S. Mueller III, Volume II, page 78.
天哪。这太糟糕了。我的总统任期就此结束。我完蛋了。
——关于俄罗斯调查特别检察官的任命。摘自罗伯特·S·穆勒三世撰写的《俄罗斯干预2016年总统大选调查报告》第二卷第78页

I get exercise. I mean I walk, I this, I that. I run over to a building next door. I get more exercise than people think.
A lot of people go to the gym and they’ll work out for two hours and all. I’ve seen people ... then they get their new knees when they’re 55 years old and they get their new hips and they do all those things. I don’t have those problems.
I guess they all realized they’re going to have to leave it to a president that scored the highest on tests. What can I tell you?
I was on a treadmill for the first time actually in quite a while, and it was at a very steep angle, and I was there for a very long time.
They were surprised. And they said, ‘Well you can stop now, that’s amazing.’ And I said, ‘I can go much longer than this if you want me to.
I’ve always been more of a believer in diet ‘cause I’m strong, you know? I hit the ball far. I mean, I’m strong, physically.
The people that do the food at the White House are extraordinary, but I think they can maybe make the portions a little bit smaller and maybe we’ll cut out some of the more fattening ingredients, and I’m okay with that.
—17 January 2018 interview with Reuters
我锻炼身体。我是说，我走路，我这，我那。我跑到隔壁的楼去。我锻炼得比人们想象的要多。
很多人去健身房，一练就是两个小时。我见过有人……55岁才换膝盖，换臀部，然后做所有这些事。我没有这些问题。
我想他们都意识到，他们得把这事交给一位考试成绩最高的总统了。我能告诉你什么呢？
实际上，这是很久以来我第一次在跑步机上跑步，而且角度很陡，我在那里待了很长时间。
他们很惊讶。他们说：“好吧，你现在可以停下来了，太棒了。”我说：“如果你愿意，我可以坚持更长时间。”
我一直更相信节食，因为我很强壮，你知道吗？我击球很远。我的意思是，我体格健壮。
白宫的餐饮人员非常出色，但我觉得他们可以把份量做得小一点，或许可以去掉一些容易发胖的食材，我同意。
——2018年1月17日接受路透社采访

Today I stand before the United Nations General Assembly to share the extraordinary progress we've made. In less than two years, my administration has accomplished more than almost any administration in the history of our country. America's— so true. [assembly laughs] I didn't expect that reaction, but that's OK.
—Address to UN General Assembly, quoted in Daniel Shapiro (26 September 2018), "Trump's U.N. speech pitting globalism against patriotism proves the president has no idea what patriotism means", NBC News
今天，我站在联合国大会面前，分享我们取得的非凡进步。在不到两年的时间里，我的政府取得的成就几乎超过了我们国家历史上任何一届政府。美国——的确如此。[大会笑]我没想到会有这样的反应，不过没关系。
——联合国大会演讲，引自丹尼尔·夏皮罗（2018年9月26日），“特朗普在联合国的演讲中将全球主义与爱国主义对立起来，证明总统根本不懂爱国主义的含义”，NBC新闻

I know you're not thinking. You never do.
—Donald Trump to a reporter who was going to ask a question. President Donald Trump To Reporter: ‘I Know You’re Not Thinking. You Never Do’, 2 October 2018
我知道你没思考。你从来都不思考。
——唐纳德·特朗普对一位正要提问的记者说。2018年10月2日，唐纳德·特朗普总统对记者说：“我知道你没思考。你从来都不思考。”

You know, my uncle was a great person. He was at MIT. He taught at MIT for, I think, like a record number of years. He was a great super genius. Dr. John Trump. I like this stuff. I really get it. People are surprised that I understand it. Every one of these doctors said, "How do you know so much about this?" Maybe I have a natural ability. Maybe I should have done that instead of running for President.
—during tour of Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, 2020-03-06, quoted in David Nakamura (6 March 2020), "‘Maybe I have a natural ability’: Trump plays medical expert on coronavirus by second-guessing the professionals", Washington Post
你知道，我叔叔是个很棒的人。他曾在麻省理工学院任教。我想，他在麻省理工学院任教的时间，几乎创下了纪录。他是一位伟大的超级天才。还有约翰·特朗普博士。我喜欢这些东西。我完全理解。人们很惊讶我竟然理解了。这些医生都说：“你怎么会懂这么多？” 也许我天生就有这种能力。也许我应该去竞选总统，而不是去竞选。
——2020年3月6日，参观亚特兰大疾病控制与预防中心期间，引自大卫·中村（2020年3月6日），《‘也许我天生就有这种能力’：特朗普通过事后诸葛亮，扮演新冠病毒医学专家》，《华盛顿邮报》

Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!
—As quoted in D'Angelo Gore (20 May 2020), "Trump’s False Tweet About Michigan Absentee Ballot Applications", FactCheck.org
突发新闻：密歇根州在初选和大选前夕向770万人发送了缺席选票。这完全是无赖国务卿的非法之举，未经授权。如果他们想继续走这条选民欺诈之路，我会要求停止向密歇根州提供资金！
——摘自D'Angelo Gore（2020年5月20日），“特朗普关于密歇根州缺席选票申请的虚假推文”，FactCheck.org

Well, one of the things that will be really great, you know the word experience is still good. I always say talent is more important than experience. I’ve always said that. But the word experience is a very important word. It’s an — a very important meaning. I never did this before. I never slept over in Washington. I was in Washington, I think, 17 times. All of a sudden, I’m president of the United States. You know the story. I’m riding down Pennsylvania Avenue with our First Lady and I say, ‘This is great. But I didn’t know very many people in Washington. It wasn’t my thing. I was from Manhattan, from New York. Now I know everybody, and I have great people in the administration. You make some mistakes. Like, you know, an idiot like Bolton. All he wanted to do was drop bombs on everybody. You don’t have to drop bombs on everybody. You don’t have to kill people.
—Trump was responding to the question "What are your top priorities for a second term?", as quoted by Adam K Raymond (17 July 2019), "Trump Rambles Unintelligibly About Plan for Second Term", NY Mag
嗯，其中一件真正伟大的事情是，你知道“经验”这个词仍然很重要。我总是说天赋比经验更重要。我一直这么说。但“经验”这个词非常重要。它有着非常重要的意义。我以前从未这样做过。我从未在华盛顿过夜。我记得我去过华盛顿17次。突然之间，我就成了美国总统。你知道这个故事。我和第一夫人一起骑车沿着宾夕法尼亚大道行驶，我说：“这太棒了。但我在华盛顿不认识多少人。那不是我的风格。我来自曼哈顿，来自纽约。现在我认识所有人，我的政府里也有很棒的人。你会犯一些错误。比如，你知道，像博尔顿这样的白痴。他只想向所有人扔炸弹。你不必向所有人扔炸弹。你不必杀人。” 
—特朗普是在回答“你第二任期的首要任务是什么？”这个问题时说的，引自亚当·K·雷蒙德 (2019 年 7 月 17 日) 的《特朗普含糊不清地谈论第二任期计划》，纽约杂志

I think she'd be a fine choice, Kamala Harris. She'd be a fine choice.
—Trump commented on the possibility of Kamala Harris becoming vice president candidate, according to a White House transcript.
我认为她是个不错的选择，卡玛拉·哈里斯。她是个不错的选择。
——据白宫记录显示，特朗普就卡玛拉·哈里斯成为副总统候选人的可能性发表了评论。

I think there’s probably – possibly – drugs involved
—Claimed about President Candidate Joe Biden, as quoted in Martin Pengelly (10 September 2020), "Trump uses Fox News interview to accuse Biden of taking drugs", The Guardian
我认为很可能——很可能——与毒品有关。
——关于总统候选人乔·拜登的说法，引自马丁·彭格利（2020年9月10日）的文章《特朗普利用福克斯新闻采访指责拜登吸毒》，《卫报》

I'm not going to do a virtual debate. I’m not going to waste my time at a virtual debate.
—Trump commented on the initiative of having the presidential candidates participating from remote locations for the second presidential debate, in view of his Covid-19 infection, as quoted by Brooke Singman (8 October 2020), "Trump says he will 'not waste my time' with a 'virtual debate' after CPD announces changes", Fox News
我不会进行线上辩论。我不会在线上辩论上浪费时间。
——特朗普就总统候选人远程参加第二场总统辩论的举措发表评论，理由是他自己感染了新冠病毒。据布鲁克·辛格曼（Brooke Singman）2020年10月8日报道，“特朗普表示，在CPD宣布改变后，他‘不会在线上辩论上浪费时间’”，福克斯新闻

So dead people voted. And I think the number is close to 5,000 people [in Georgia] .. [There] were thousands and thousands of ballots in a box that was not an official or a sealed box.
They ran out because of a water-main break. And there was no water main, there was nothing. There was no break.
You had out-of-state voters - they voted in Georgia but they were from out of state - of 4,925
They're shredding ballots. And you should look at that very carefully. Because that's so illegal.
We have not gone through your Dominion [voting machines], so we can't give them blessing. I mean, in other states, we think we found tremendous corruption with Dominion machines...
—BBC News Reality Check Team (3 January 2020), Georgia election: Donald Trump's phone call fact-checked, BBC News
所以，死人也参与了投票。我认为（在佐治亚州）有近5000人参与投票……成千上万张选票被装在一个既不是官方指定投票箱也不是密封投票箱的盒子里。
因为水管破裂，选票都跑出来了。当时没有水管，什么也没有。根本就没有水管破裂。
有外州选民——他们在佐治亚州投票，但他们来自外州——4925人。
他们正在销毁选票。你应该仔细看看。因为这太违法了。
我们没有检查过你们的Dominion（投票机），所以我们不能祝福它们。我的意思是，在其他州，我们认为我们发现Dominion机器存在严重的腐败行为……
——BBC新闻事实核查小组（2020年1月3日），《佐治亚州选举：唐纳德·特朗普电话事实核查》，BBC新闻

His ingenuity, genius, and creativity earned him immense wealth, but his character and philanthropic generosity his great name. Sheldon was also a staunch supporter of our great ally the State of Israel
—President Trump in Sheldon Adelson, Conservative Donor And Casino Titan, Dies At 87 January 12, 2021
他的聪明才智、天赋和创造力为他赢得了巨额财富，但他的品格和慷慨的慈善事业也成就了他的伟大声誉。谢尔登也是我们伟大盟友以色列国的坚定支持者。
——特朗普总统，保守派捐款人、赌场巨头谢尔登·阿德尔森逝世，享年87岁，2021年1月12日

I will not be endorsing, under any circumstances, the failed candidate from the great State of Alaska, Lisa Murkowski. She represents her state badly and her country even worse. I do not know where other people will be next year, but I know where I will be — in Alaska campaigning against a disloyal and very bad Senator.
—Quoted by Alex Isenstadt (6 March 2021), Trump vows to campaign against 'disloyal' Murkowski, Politico
无论如何，我都不会支持来自伟大的阿拉斯加州的失败候选人丽莎·穆尔科斯基。她不仅不能很好地代表她的州，更不能代表她的国家。我不知道明年其他人会在哪里，但我知道我会在哪里——在阿拉斯加竞选，反对一位不忠诚、非常糟糕的参议员。
——引自亚历克斯·伊森斯塔特（2021年3月6日），特朗普誓言要竞选反对“不忠诚”的穆尔科斯基，《政治报》

I have been summoned to appear at the Federal Courthouse in Miami on Tuesday, at 3 PM. I never thought it possible that such a thing could happen to a former President of the United States, who received far more votes than any sitting President in the History of our Country, and is currently leading, by far, all Candidates, both Democrat and Republican, in Polls of the 2024 Presidential Election. I AM AN INNOCENT MAN!
—Web posting, reported in "Trump told to appear in Miami after indictment by federal grand jury, ABC reporting" in WPLG Local 10 (8 June 2023)
我已被传唤于周二下午3点前往迈阿密联邦法院出庭。我从未想过这样的事情会发生在一位美国前总统身上，他获得的选票远超美国历史上任何一位现任总统，而且在2024年总统大选的民调中，他目前遥遥领先于所有候选人，无论民主党还是共和党。我是无辜的！
——网络帖子，转载自WPLG Local 10（2023年6月8日）“特朗普被联邦大陪审团起诉后被要求前往迈阿密出庭，ABC报道”

I know we won (Minnesota) in 2020. We've got to be careful. We've got to watch those votes.
—17 May 2024 during an address to the Minnesota Republican Party's annual Lincoln-Reagan Dinner in St. Paul per Donald Trump falsely tells supporters he won Minnesota in 2020, USA Today
我知道我们在2020年赢得了（明尼苏达州）。我们必须小心。我们必须关注那些选票。
——2024年5月17日，在圣保罗举行的明尼苏达州共和党年度林肯-里根晚宴上，唐纳德·特朗普在演讲中谎称自己在2020年赢得了明尼苏达州，《今日美国》

And if you vote for me, on Day One, I will commute the sentence of Ross Ulbricht
—20 May 2024 (Saturday night) at Libertarian National Convention, reported in 25 May 2024 article by Peter Shaefer of Politico
如果你投票给我，第一天，我就将为罗斯·乌布利希减刑。
——2024年5月20日（星期六晚），自由党全国大会，据《政治报》彼得·谢弗于2024年5月25日的文章报道

You won't have to do it anymore. Four more years, you know what, it will be fixed, it will be fine, you won't have to vote anymore, my beautiful Christians...I love you Christians. I'm a Christian. I love you, get out, you gotta get out and vote. In four years, you don't have to vote again, we'll have it fixed so good you're not going to have to vote.
—27 July 2024 in a speech to Turning Point Action in West Palm Beach, Florida, quote from the Reuters article "Trump tells Christians they won't have to vote after this election" by Tim Reid
你们不用再投票了。再过四年，你们知道吗，一切都会好起来，一切都会好起来，你们不用再投票了，我亲爱的基督徒们……我爱你们，基督徒们。我就是基督徒。我爱你们，出去，你们必须出去投票。四年后，你们不用再投票了，我们会把问题解决得非常好，你们不用再投票了。
——2024年7月27日，在佛罗里达州西棕榈滩的“转折点行动”演讲中，引用路透社蒂姆·里德的文章《特朗普告诉基督徒，这次选举后他们不必投票了》。

I think to a certain extent it’s Biden’s fault and Harris’s fault. And I’m the opponent. Look, they were weaponizing government against me, they brought in the whole DOJ to try and get me, they weren’t too interested in my health and safety,They’re saying I’m a threat to democracy,They would say that, that was standard line, just keep saying it, and you know that can get assassins or potential assassins going. That’s a terrible thing … Maybe that bullet is because of their rhetoric.
—With "dr Phil" "Trump, without evidence, in part faults Biden, Harris for assassination attempt", Washington Post (August 28, 2024)
我认为某种程度上是拜登和哈里斯的错。而我是对手。你看，他们把政府武器化来对付我，他们动用了整个司法部来抓我，他们根本不关心我的健康和安全，他们说我是对民主的威胁，他们会这么说，这是标准说法，一直这么说，你知道，这会引来刺客或潜在的刺客。这太可怕了……也许那颗子弹就是因为他们的言辞。
——“菲尔博士” 《特朗普在没有证据的情况下，将暗杀企图部分归咎于拜登和哈里斯》，《华盛顿邮报》（2024年8月28日）

Well, I think the six-week (ban) is too short. It has to be more time. So…and I’ve told them that, I want more weeks. I am going to be voting that we need more than six weeks…. I believe in exceptions for life of the mother, —if you look— incest, rape.
—29 August 2024 when asked how he was going to vote on the Florida amendment to overturn the six-week ban on abortion; in "Trump says he wants to make IVF treatments paid for by government or insurance companies if elected"
嗯，我觉得六周的（禁令）太短了。必须有更多时间。所以……我已经告诉他们了，我想要更多周。我会投票支持我们需要超过六周的时间……我相信母亲的生命权、——如果你仔细看看——乱伦、强奸等情况可以例外。
——2024年8月29日，当被问及他将如何投票通过佛罗里达州推翻六周堕胎禁令的修正案时；在“特朗普表示，如果当选，他希望让政府或保险公司支付试管婴儿治疗费用”中

KAMALA HARRIS: …But understand, if Donald Trump were to be re-elected, he will sign a national abortion ban….
I’m not signing a ban. And there's no reason to sign a ban. Because we've gotten what everybody wanted. Democrats, Republicans and everybody else and every legal scholar wanted it to be brought back into the states. And the states are voting. And it may take a little time, but for 52 years this issue has torn our country apart. And they've wanted it back in the states. And I did something that nobody thought was possible. The states are now voting. What she says is an absolute lie. And as far as the abortion ban, no, I'm not in favor of abortion ban. But it doesn't matter because this issue has now been taken over by the states.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
卡玛拉·哈里斯：……但请理解，如果唐纳德·特朗普再次当选，他会签署一项全国性的堕胎禁令……
我不会签署禁令。而且也没有理由签署禁令。因为我们已经得到了所有人想要的东西。民主党、共和党、其他所有人以及每一位法律学者都希望堕胎权回归各州。各州正在投票。这可能需要一些时间，但52年来，这个问题已经撕裂了我们的国家。他们一直希望堕胎权回归各州。而我做了一件没人认为可能的事情。各州现在正在投票。她说的完全是谎言。至于堕胎禁令，不，我并不支持堕胎禁令。但这无关紧要，因为这个问题现在已经被各州接管了。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

Responding to Harris listing the criminal cases against Trump:
Excuse me. Every one of those cases was started by them against their political opponent. And I'm winning most of them and I'll win the rest on appeal. And you saw that with the decision that came down just recently from the Supreme Court. I'm winning most of them. But those are cases, it's called weaponization. Never happened in this country. They weaponized the justice department. Every one of those cases was involved with the DOJ, from Atlanta and Fani Willis -- to the attorney general of New York and the D.A. In New York. Every one of those cases. And then they say oh, he was -- he's a criminal. They're the ones that made them go after me. By the way, Joe Biden was found essentially guilty on the documents case. And what happened in my documents case? They said oh, that's the toughest of them all. A complete and total victory. Two months ago it was thrown out. It's weaponization. And they used it. And it's never happened in this country. They used it to try and win an election. They're fake cases….
…This is the one that weaponized. Not me. She weaponized. I probably took a bullet to the head because of the things that they say about me. They talk about democracy. I'm a threat to democracy. They're the threat to democracy – With the fake Russia Russia Russia investigation that went nowhere.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
回应哈里斯列举针对特朗普的刑事案件：
不好意思。所有这些案件都是他们针对政治对手发起的。我赢了大部分，剩下的上诉也会赢。你从最高法院最近做出的判决中也看到了这一点。我赢了大部分。但这些都是案件，这叫做武器化。在这个国家从未发生过。他们把司法部武器化了。所有这些案件都与司法部有关，从亚特兰大的法尼·威利斯案，到纽约州的司法部长和纽约州的地区检察官。所有这些案件。然后他们说，哦，他——他是个罪犯。是他们让他们来追捕我的。顺便说一句，乔·拜登在文件案中被判有罪。我的文件案怎么样了？他们说，哦，那是所有案件中最艰难的。一场彻底的胜利。两个月前，这个判决被驳回了。这是武器化。他们使用了它。这在这个国家从未发生过。他们用它来试图赢得选举。这些都是假案……
……这才是被利用的。不是我，是她。我可能是因为他们说我那些话才被枪击中脑袋的。他们大谈民主。我对民主构成威胁。他们才是对民主的威胁——他们搞的那场虚假的“俄罗斯俄罗斯俄罗斯”调查毫无进展。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

LINSEY DAVIS: President Trump, how would you negotiate with Netanyahu and also Hamas in order to get the hostages out and prevent the killing of more innocent civilians in Gaza?
If I were president it would have never started. If I were president Russia would have never, ever -- I know Putin very well. He would have never -- and there was no threat of it either, by the way, for four years. Have gone into Ukraine and killed millions of people when you add it up.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
林赛·戴维斯：特朗普总统，为了救出人质，并防止更多无辜平民在加沙遇害，您将如何与内塔尼亚胡和哈马斯谈判？
如果我是总统，这一切根本不会开始。如果我是总统，俄罗斯永远不会——我非常了解普京。他永远不会——顺便说一句，四年来也没有任何威胁。他们进入了乌克兰，杀害了数百万人。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

And I'll get the war with Ukraine and Russia ended. If I'm President-Elect, I'll get it done before even becoming president.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
我会结束与乌克兰和俄罗斯的战争。如果我当选总统，我会在就任总统之前就完成这件事。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

And that's the kind of talent we have with her. She's worse than Biden. In my opinion, I think he's the worst president in the history of our country. She goes down as the worst vice president in the history of our country. But let me tell you something. She is a horrible negotiator. They sent her in to negotiate. As soon as they left Putin did the invasion.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
她就是这样的人才。她比拜登还糟糕。在我看来，他是我们国家历史上最糟糕的总统。她则是我们国家历史上最糟糕的副总统。不过，我得告诉你，她是个糟糕的谈判高手。他们派她来谈判。他们一走，普京就入侵了。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

Well, there are plans … there are — not plans — there are methods — there are methods which you could do it. … A lot of people want me to do it. … I'm not joking. I'm not joking.
—On the possibilities of having a third term as President, quoted in "Trump won’t rule out seeking a third term in the White House, tells NBC News ‘there are methods’ for doing so" NBC News (30 March 2025); also "Trump says ‘there are methods' for seeking third term in White House" The Guardian (31 March 2025)
嗯，有计划……有——不是计划——有方法——有方法可以做到。……很多人都希望我这么做。……我不是在开玩笑。我不是在开玩笑。
——关于连任第三任总统的可能性，引自《NBC新闻》（2025年3月30日）“特朗普不排除寻求连任白宫第三任期的可能性，并告诉NBC新闻‘有方法’可以实现这一点”；另引自《卫报》（2025年3月31日）“特朗普称‘有方法’可以实现连任白宫第三任期”

Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He is weak and he is ineffective. So the only way he figures he is going to be reelected and as sure as you are sitting there, is to start a war with Iran.
—A now-deleted video on his YouTube video blog. Andrew Kaczynski (3 January 2020), "Trump repeatedly claimed in 2011 and 2012 that Obama would start a war with Iran to win reelection", CNN
我们的总统会与伊朗开战，因为他完全没有谈判能力。他软弱无能，毫无效率。所以，他认为自己能连任的唯一方法，而且就像你们现在这样稳操胜券，就是与伊朗开战。
——他YouTube视频博客上一段现已删除的视频。安德鲁·卡钦斯基（2020年1月3日），“特朗普在2011年和2012年曾多次声称，奥巴马会为了连任而与伊朗开战”，CNN

A lot of people up there can't get jobs. They can't get jobs, because there are no jobs, because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs. They all have jobs.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
那里很多人找不到工作。他们找不到工作，因为根本就没有工作，因为中国抢走了我们的工作，墨西哥也抢走了我们的工作。他们都有工作。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don't know if it worked. And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say, "That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue. They don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're doing."
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
顺便说一句，我们的敌人越来越强大，而我们国家却越来越弱。就连我们的核武库都失效了。最近有消息称，他们拥有的设备已经使用了30年。他们不知道这些设备是否有效。当这件事在电视上播出时，我觉得非常可怕，因为这向普京和其他所有看着我们的人发出了一个信号，他们会说：“那是一群人，一个国家，他们真的一无所知。他们不知道自己在做什么。他们不知道自己在做什么。”
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

He (Barack Obama) was vibrant. He was young. I really thought that he would be a great cheerleader. ... But he wasn't a cheerleader. He's actually a negative force. He's been a negative force. He wasn't a cheerleader; he was the opposite.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
他（巴拉克·奥巴马）充满活力，年轻气盛。我真心以为他会是个很棒的啦啦队长……但他不是啦啦队长。他实际上是一股负面力量。他一直是一股负面力量。他不是啦啦队长；他恰恰相反。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Israel maybe won't exist very long. It's a disaster, and we have to protect Israel.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
以色列或许撑不了多久了。这是一场灾难，我们必须保护以色列。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Saudi Arabia without us is gone. They're gone.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
没有我们，沙特阿拉伯就完了。他们完了。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I will tell you in terms of leadership he is getting an 'A,' and our president is not doing so well. They did not look good together.
—Reena Flores (30 September 2015), "Donald Trump gives Russia's Putin an 'A' in leadership", CBS News
就领导力而言，我得说，他得了“A”，而我们的总统表现得不太好。他们俩在一起看起来不太好。
——雷娜·弗洛雷斯（2015年9月30日），“唐纳德·特朗普给俄罗斯总统普京的领导力打了“A”，哥伦比亚广播公司新闻

If Saudi Arabia was without the cloak of American protection, I don't think it would be around.
—Interview on foreign policy given on 25 March 2016, published: In Donald Trump's Worldview, America Comes First, and Everybody Else Pays, The New York Times (26 March 2016)
如果沙特阿拉伯没有美国的庇护，我想它就不会存在。
——2016年3月25日外交政策访谈，发表于《唐纳德·特朗普的世界观：美国优先，其他人买单》，《纽约时报》（2016年3月26日）

It's time to shake the rust off America's foreign policy.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
是时候让美国的外交政策摆脱锈迹了。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

My foreign policy will always put the interests of the American people and American security above all else... That will be the foundation of every single decision that I will make. America First will be the major and overriding theme of my administration.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我的外交政策将始终把美国人民的利益和美国的安全置于一切之上……这将是我每一个决定的基石。“美国优先”将是我政府最重要的、压倒一切的主题。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

Our foreign policy is a complete and total disaster. No vision. No purpose. No direction. No strategy.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我们的外交政策彻底失败了。没有愿景，没有目标，没有方向，没有战略。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

Our allies are not paying their fair share... The countries we are defending must pay for the cost of this defense, and if not, the U.S. must be prepared to let these countries defend themselves. We have no choice.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我们的盟友没有支付他们应得的份额……我们所保卫的国家必须承担这些防御成本，否则，美国必须准备好让这些国家自行防御。我们别无选择。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

Israel, our great friend and the one true democracy in the Middle East has been snubbed and criticized by an administration that lacks moral clarity... President Obama has not been a friend to Israel. He has treated Iran with tender love and care and made it a great power.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
以色列，我们伟大的朋友，中东唯一真正的民主国家，却被一个缺乏道德清晰度的政府冷落和批评……奥巴马总统对以色列并非朋友。他以温柔的爱和关怀对待伊朗，并使其成为一个强大的国家。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

We've let our rivals and challengers think they can get away with anything, and they do... If President Obama's goal had been to weaken America, he could not have done a better job.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我们让对手和挑战者以为他们可以逍遥法外，事实也确实如此……如果奥巴马总统的目标是削弱美国，那么他做得再好不过了。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

We've made the Middle East more unstable and chaotic than ever before. We left Christians subject to intense persecution and even genocide. We have done nothing to help the Christians, nothing, and we should always be ashamed for that lack of action.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我们让中东比以往任何时候都更加动荡混乱。我们让基督徒遭受残酷迫害，甚至遭受种族灭绝。我们从未为基督徒做过任何帮助，什么也没有，我们应该永远为这种不作为感到羞愧。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

I believe an easing of tensions, and improved relations with Russia from a position of strength only is possible.
—Donald Trump's Foreign Policy Speech, The New York Times (27 April 2016)
我相信，缓和紧张局势，并在实力增强的前提下改善与俄罗斯的关系是可能的。
——唐纳德·特朗普外交政策演讲，《纽约时报》（2016年4月27日）

Our country's in deep trouble. We don't know what we're doing when it comes to devaluations and all of these countries all over the world, especially China. They're the best, the best ever at it. What they're doing to us is a very, very sad thing.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
我们的国家深陷困境。面对货币贬值，以及世界各国，尤其是中国，我们不知所措。他们在这方面做得最好，无与伦比。他们对我们所做的，实在令人难过。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

We will pursue a new foreign policy that finally learns from the mistakes of the past. We will stop looking to topple regimes and overthrow governments. ... Our goal is stability, not chaos, because we want to rebuild our country. It's time.
—Speaking at U.S. Bank Arena, quoted in Anna Giaritelli (1 December 2016), "Trump's new foreign policy: 'We will stop looking to topple regimes'", Washington Examiner
我们将推行一项新的外交政策，最终从过去的错误中汲取教训。我们将不再试图推翻政权和政府。……我们的目标是稳定，而不是混乱，因为我们想要重建我们的国家。现在是时候了。
——在美国银行体育馆的演讲，引自安娜·贾里泰利（2016年12月1日），《华盛顿观察家报》：“特朗普的新外交政策：‘我们将不再试图推翻政权’”

Chief Justice Roberts, President Carter, President Clinton, President Bush, President Obama, fellow Americans, and people of the world: Thank you. We, the citizens of America, are now joined in a great national effort to rebuild our country and restore its promise for all of our people. Together, we will determine the course of America and the world for many, many years to come. We will face challenges, we will confront hardships, but we will get the job done. Every 4 years, we gather on these steps to carry out the orderly and peaceful transfer of power, and we are grateful to President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama for their gracious aid throughout this transition. They have been magnificent. Thank you.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
首席大法官罗伯茨、卡特总统、克林顿总统、布什总统、奥巴马总统、美国同胞们以及全世界人民：谢谢大家。我们，美国公民，如今携手并进，共同努力重建我们的国家，重拾它对全体人民的承诺。我们将携手并进，共同决定美国乃至世界未来许多年的发展方向。我们将面临挑战，我们将迎难而上，但我们将完成这项使命。每四年，我们都会聚集在这里，进行有序、和平的权力交接。我们感谢奥巴马总统和第一夫人米歇尔·奥巴马在整个权力交接过程中给予的慷慨支持。他们非常出色。谢谢大家。
——就职演说，（2017年1月20日）

Last night, the United States brought the world's number one terrorist leader to justice. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is dead. He was the founder and leader of ISIS, the most ruthless and violent terror organization in the World. The United States has been searching for Baghdadi for many years. Capturing or killing Baghdadi has been the top national security priority of my Administration. U.S. Special Operations forces executed a dangerous and daring nighttime raid into Northwestern Syria to accomplish this mission.
—Offiical release at Whitehouse.gov (27 October 2019) · Transcript of delivered remarks at The New York Times (27 October 2019) · "President Trump's full announcement on the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi", The Washington Post YouTube channel (27 October 2019)
昨晚，美国将世界头号恐怖分子头目绳之以法。阿布·贝克尔·巴格达迪已死。他是世界上最残暴、最暴力的恐怖组织——伊斯兰国（ISIS）的创始人和头目。美国多年来一直在搜寻巴格达迪。抓捕或击毙巴格达迪一直是本届政府的国家安全重中之重。为完成这一任务，美国特种部队在夜间对叙利亚西北部进行了一次危险而大胆的突袭。
——Whitehouse.gov 官方发布（2019 年 10 月 27 日）· 在《纽约时报》发表讲话的文字记录（2019 年 10 月 27 日）· “特朗普总统就阿布·贝克尔·巴格达迪之死的完整声明”，《华盛顿邮报》YouTube 频道（2019 年 10 月 27 日）

Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much & has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
—Quoted in Kimmy Yam (27 March 2020), "Trump claims Asian Americans are angry at 'what China has done' to U.S.", Yahoo News / NBC News
刚刚与中国国家主席习近平进行了一次非常愉快的交谈。双方详细讨论了正在肆虐地球大部分地区的新冠病毒。中国经历了许多，对病毒有了深刻的理解。我们正在密切合作。敬请期待！
——Kimmy Yam（2020年3月27日）报道，“特朗普声称亚裔美国人对‘中国对美国的所作所为’感到愤怒”，雅虎新闻/NBC新闻

Can you believe it, in one week they nominated me, not for one, but for two Nobel prizes. But you know, you have a president, you love your president, and your president gets honored, because I’m not being honored, you’re being honored with the Nobel Peace Prize, for Israel, what we did with Israel.
—Quoted in Robert Farley (19 September 2020), "Trump’s Nobel Nonsense", FactCheck.org
你能相信吗？一周之内，他们提名我，不只提名一个，而是提名两个诺贝尔奖。但你知道，你们有一位总统，你们热爱你们的总统，你们的总统也因此获得荣誉，因为我没有获得荣誉，而是你们获得了诺贝尔和平奖，因为以色列，因为我们对以色列的所作所为。
——摘自罗伯特·法利（2020年9月19日），《特朗普的诺贝尔胡言乱语》，FactCheck.org

Israel doesn’t even control Congress anymore.
—29 October 2021 per https://thepostmillennial.com/exclusive-president-donald-j-trump-speaks-to-the-post-millennial
以色列甚至不再控制国会了。
——2021年10月29日，来源：https://thepostmillennial.com/exclusive-president-donald-j-trump-speaks-to-the-post-millennial

They laid down the welcome mat and gave Russia the opening, now Putin may be getting everything he wanted, with Ukraine and the rest of the World suffering the consequences. It’s terrible, but this is what you get with Biden, the Democrats, and RINO warmongers! 03/01/22
The vote counter is often more important than the candidate.
—"Trump says the GOP needs to get 'tougher' at the ballot box: 'The vote counter is often more important than the candidate'", yahoo news, 6 March 2022
他们铺开欢迎的垫子，给了俄罗斯机会。现在普京可能已经得到了他想要的一切，而乌克兰和世界其他国家则将承受后果。这很可怕，但这就是拜登、民主党和共和党战争贩子们的下场！2022年3月1日
计票员往往比候选人更重要。
——“特朗普称共和党需要在投票箱前‘更强硬’：‘计票员往往比候选人更重要’”，雅虎新闻，2022年3月6日

CROOKED JOE BIDEN IS TOTALLY CONTROLLED BY CHINA, UKRAINE, & VARIOUS OTHER COUNTRIES. THEY KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT HIM - ALL OF HIS MISDEEDS. HE IS A COMPROMISED PRESIDENT WHO IS LEADING OUR COUNTRY TO HELL. HE IS A MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE!
—Truth Social Post 6:20 PM on August 15, 2023.
乔·拜登这个骗子完全被中国、乌克兰和其他一些国家控制。他们对他了如指掌——他所有的恶行。他是一位心怀叵测的总统，正在把我们的国家引向地狱。他是个彻头彻尾的“满洲候选人”！
——Truth Social 2023年8月15日下午6:20

But I will tell you that would have never happened [if I was president]. Ukraine would have never happened. The israeli attack would have never happened and inflation would have never happened. Those are three big things. Inflation would have never happened.
No, I wouldn't support a national ban [on abortion]. No, I would not.
—20 June 2024 "In conversation with President Trump", on All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg, found on DeepCast
但我告诉你，如果我是总统，这些事情就永远不会发生。乌克兰危机就不会发生。以色列的袭击就不会发生，通货膨胀也不会发生。这三件大事。通货膨胀就不会发生。
不，我不会支持全国性（堕胎）禁令。不，我不会。
——2024年6月20日 “与特朗普总统对话”，发表于“All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg”节目，DeepCast 上

If we had a real president, a president that knew -- that was respected by Putin ... he would have never invaded Ukraine.
—27 June 2024 debate with Joe Biden, cited 1 July 2024 by Edith Lederer
如果我们有一位真正的总统，一位懂得——受到普京尊重的总统……他就绝不会入侵乌克兰。
——2024年6月27日与乔·拜登的辩论，伊迪丝·莱德勒于2024年7月1日引用

But I’ve done well with debates. I became president, and then the second time I got millions more votes than I got the first time. I was told if I got 63 million … you would win. You can’t not win. And I got millions of more votes than that and lost by a whisker but— and look at what happened with the world.
—Trump admits he lost 2020 election ‘by a whisker’ during Lex Fridman podcast, Independent (September 3, 2024) "Donald Trump Interview - Lex Fridman Podcast #442" (at 10m51s), Lex Fridman, 3 September 2024.
但我在辩论方面表现不错。我当选总统后，第二次辩论时获得的选票比第一次多了数百万张。有人告诉我，如果我获得6300万张选票……你就能赢。你不可能不赢。而我获得的选票比这多出数百万张，却以微弱差距落败——看看这个世界发生了什么。
——特朗普在莱克斯·弗里德曼播客中承认自己在2020年大选中“以微弱差距”落败，《独立报》（2024年9月3日）“唐纳德·特朗普访谈——莱克斯·弗里德曼播客#442”（10分51秒），莱克斯·弗里德曼，2024年9月3日。

I better win, I better win, or you're going to have problems like we've never had. We may have no country left. It may be our last election.
—"Trump claims Israel will be 'gone' within two years if Harris is elected president: video", Fox News (September 7, 2024)
我最好赢，我最好赢，否则你们会面临前所未有的麻烦。我们可能不复存在了。这可能是我们最后一次选举。
——“特朗普声称，如果哈里斯当选总统，以色列将在两年内‘消失’：视频”，福克斯新闻（2024年9月7日）

We have to call it Covid. What the hell does Covid mean. The China virus. A lot of people think they did that because they were not happy with me as president.
—Trump pushes theory that 'China created Covid-19 because they didn't like his presidency' (September 17, 2024)
我们必须把它叫做“Covid”。Covid到底是什么意思？是“中国病毒”。很多人认为他们这么做是因为他们对我当总统不满意。
——特朗普鼓吹“中国制造了Covid-19，因为他们不喜欢他的总统任期”（2024年9月17日）

If I were the president, I would inform the threatening country, in this case, Iran, that if you do anything to harm this person, we are going to blow your largest cities and the country itself to smithereens. We're going to blow it to smithereens. There would be no more threats.
—"Trump suggests Iran tied to assassination attempts, issues blunt warning", ABC News (September 26, 2024)
如果我是总统，我会通知威胁国，这次是伊朗，如果你们做任何伤害此人的事，我们就会把你们最大的城市和国家炸得粉碎。我们会把它炸得粉碎。不会再有威胁了。
——“特朗普暗示伊朗与暗杀企图有关，发出直截了当的警告”，美国广播公司新闻（2024年9月26日）

So the fact that the Defense Department is getting a GIFT, FREE OF CHARGE, of a 747 aircraft to replace the 40 year old Air Force One, temporarily, in a very public and transparent transaction, so bothers the Crooked Democrats that they insist we pay, TOP DOLLAR, for the plane. Anybody can do that! The Dems are World Class Losers!!! MAGA.
—From Truth Social regarding a potential gift of a $400 million "palace in the sky" airplane from the Qatari government for Trump's use, reported in Brewing controversy surrounds Qatar’s intent to lavish luxury jet on Trump The Arab Weekly (May 12, 2025)
所以，国防部免费获得一架747飞机，临时替换已有40年历史的空军一号，而且交易公开透明，这让腐败的民主党人非常恼火，他们坚持要我们为这架飞机支付高价。谁都能这么做！民主党人是世界级的失败者！！！让美国再次伟大！
——摘自《真相社会》（Truth Social）关于卡塔尔政府可能赠送一架价值4亿美元的“空中宫殿”飞机给特朗普使用的消息，报道见《卡塔尔打算为特朗普提供豪华飞机引发争议》（阿拉伯周刊，2025年5月12日）

Everybody calls me Mr. President. It's true. It's a funny thing.
—Quoted by Chris Cillizza (17 July 2019), "Analysis: The 51 most outrageous lines from Donald Trump's NC rally", WLOS.com
大家都叫我“总统先生”。这是真的。这挺有意思的。
——克里斯·西利扎（Chris Cillizza）2019年7月17日发表于WLOS.com的《分析：唐纳德·特朗普北卡罗来纳州集会上最离谱的51句话》

So showerheads — you take a shower, the water doesn’t come out. You want to wash your hands, the water doesn’t come out. So what do you do? You just stand there longer or you take a shower longer? Because my hair — I don’t know about you, but it has to be perfect. Perfect.
—Quoted by Debbie White, Jon Rogers, Fionnuala O'Leary (12 August 2020), "US proposes change to shower rules after President’s hair-washing complaint", The SUN
所以，淋浴喷头——你洗澡，水出不来。你想洗手，水也出不来。那你怎么办？是站久一点，还是多洗一会儿澡？因为我的头发——我不知道你怎么样，但我必须完美无瑕。完美无瑕。
——黛比·怀特、乔恩·罗杰斯、菲奥努阿拉·奥利里（2020年8月12日）引述，“总统抱怨洗头问题后，美国提议修改淋浴规定”，《太阳报》

The Absentee Ballot situation in Detroit is REALLY BAD.
This is happening in large numbers, elsewhere as well.
Protest, Protest, Protest!
People are showing up to Vote only to be told 'sorry, you have already voted.'
—8 November 2022 post on TruthSocia later quoted via screenshot in tweet by Jocelyn Benson which was quoted by Yahoo News
底特律的缺席选票情况真的很糟糕。
这种情况正在大规模发生，其他地方也是如此。
抗议，抗议，抗议！
人们去投票，却被告知“抱歉，您已经投票了”。
——2022年11月8日，TruthSocia上的帖子，后来被雅虎新闻引用，并被Jocelyn Benson以截图形式引用。

If I took this shirt off, you would see a beautiful beautiful person. But you would see wounds all over. I’ve taken a lot of wounds I can tell you. More than I suspect any president ever.
—24 June 2024 "Donald Trump Talks About Taking Off His Shirt To Show 'Wounds.' Internet Can't Even.", Yahoo News
如果我脱掉这件衬衫，你会看到一个美丽的人。但你会看到全身都是伤口。我可以告诉你，我受过很多伤。我怀疑比任何一位总统都多。
——2024年6月24日 “唐纳德·特朗普谈到脱掉衬衫展示‘伤口’。互联网甚至都不能。”——雅虎新闻

DAVID MUIR: And [many judges] said there was no widespread [election] fraud.
No judge looked at it. They said we didn’t have standing. That’s the other thing. They said we didn’t have standing. A technicality. Can you imagine a system where a person in an election doesn’t have standing, the President of the United States doesn’t have standing? That’s how we lost. If you look at the facts, and I’d love to have you — you’ll do a special on it. I’ll show you Georgia and I’ll show you Wisconsin and I’ll show you Pennsylvania and I’ll show you — we have so many facts and statistics. But you know what? That doesn’t matter. Because we have to solve the problem that we have right now. That’s old news. And the problem that we have right now is we have a nation in decline and they have put it into decline. We have a nation that is dying, David
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
戴维·缪尔：而且[许多法官]表示，选举舞弊现象并不普遍。
没有法官对此进行调查。他们说我们没有资格。这是另一回事。他们说我们没有资格。这是一个技术性问题。你能想象一个选举制度，如果一个人没有资格，美国总统也没有资格吗？这就是我们失败的原因。如果你看看事实，我很想邀请你——你可以就此做一个特别节目。我会带你去佐治亚州，带你去威斯康星州，带你去宾夕法尼亚州，带你去——我们有很多事实和统计数据。但你知道吗？这不重要。因为我们必须解决我们当前面临的问题。这已经是老生常谈了。我们现在面临的问题是，我们的国家正在衰落，而正是他们让它走向衰落。我们的国家正在走向衰亡，大卫
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

Very importantly, you had hundreds of thousands of people come to Washington [on January 6th]. They didn’t come because of me. They came because of the election. They thought the election was a rigged election and that’s why they came. Some of those people went down to the Capitol, I said, peacefully and patriotically, nothing done wrong at all. Nothing done wrong. And action was taken, strong action. Ashli Babbitt was killed. Nobody was killed. There were no guns down there. We didn’t have guns. The others had guns, but we didn’t have guns. And when I say “we” these are people that walk down, this was a tiny percentage of the overall, which nobody sees and nobody shows.
But that was a day of love from the standpoint of the millions, it’s like hundreds of thousands. It could have been the largest group I’ve ever spoken before. They asked me to speak. I went and I spoke and I used the term peacefully and patriotically. If you look at the Democrats, what they say, you look at Maxine Waters, and you look at Hillary Clinton and you look at what they say and they don’t put that on. They only put Republicans on, but they couldn’t get me because of the fact that I said, everything’s got to be peaceful and patriotic and we’ll see how it all works out.
—In response to a question about why a voter should support Trump after his role on January 6th Trump Town Hall on Univision (October 17, 2024)
非常重要的一点是，（1月6日）有数十万人来到华盛顿。他们不是因为我而来的，而是为了选举而来的。他们认为选举是舞弊的，所以才来的。我说，其中一些人和平而爱国地前往国会大厦，没有任何不妥之处。没有做错任何事。而且我们采取了行动，强有力的行动。阿什利·巴比特被杀了。没有人被杀。那里没有枪。我们没有枪。其他人有枪，但我们没有。我说的“我们”是指那些走下来的人，他们只占总数的很小一部分，没有人看到，也没有人表现出来。
但从数百万人的角度来看，那是充满爱的一天，大概有数十万人。这可能是我之前发表过演讲的规模最大的一次。他们邀请我发言。我去了，发表了演讲，我以和平和爱国的态度使用了“我们”这个词。如果你看看民主党人怎么说，看看马克辛·沃特斯，看看希拉里·克林顿怎么说，你会发现他们根本不会把这些放在台上。他们只让共和党人上台，但他们没能说服我，因为我说过，一切都必须和平、爱国，我们拭目以待。
——回答关于为什么选民应该在特朗普1月6日在Univision电视台的“特朗普市政厅”节目中扮演角色后支持他的问题（2024年10月17日）

Rona Barrett: If you lost your fortune today, what would you do tomorrow?
Donald Trump: Maybe I’d run for president. I don’t know.
—An interview with Rona Barrett (1980)
罗娜·巴雷特：如果你今天失去了财富，明天你会做什么？
唐纳德·特朗普：也许我会竞选总统。我不知道。
——罗娜·巴雷特访谈（1980年）

Hillary Clinton said she'd consider naming Barack Obama as her vice president when she gets the nomination, but she's nowhere near a shoo-in.
—About the 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries in audio released by the Journal. As quoted in Donald Trump Once Said Hillary Clinton Would Make A 'Good President' (July 12, 2016) by Tara John, The Times.
希拉里·克林顿表示，如果获得提名，她会考虑提名巴拉克·奥巴马担任副总统，但她远非十拿九稳。
——《华尔街日报》发布的关于2008年民主党总统初选的音频。引自《纽约时报》塔拉·约翰在《唐纳德·特朗普曾说希拉里·克林顿会成为一位“好总统”》（2016年7月12日）中所述。

It's very exciting we have a new president. It would have been nice if he ended with a 500 point up instead of down. It's certainly very exciting. His speech was great last night. I thought it was inspiring in every way. And, hopefully he's going to do a great job. But the way I look at it, he cannot do worse than Bush.
—"Donald Trump on President-Elect Obama: 'He Cannot Do Worse Than Bush'" Interview with Greta Van Susteren Fox News (6 November 2008)
我们迎来了一位新总统，这真是令人兴奋。如果他的票数最终上涨500点而不是下跌500点，那就太好了。这当然令人兴奋。他昨晚的演讲非常精彩。我认为它在各个方面都鼓舞人心。希望他能出色地完成工作。但在我看来，他不会比布什更差。
——“唐纳德·特朗普谈当选总统奥巴马：‘他不会比布什更差’” 福克斯新闻格雷塔·范·苏斯特伦访谈（2008年11月6日）

He [Obama] lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!
The phoney [sic] electoral college made a laughing stock out of our nation. The loser one!
More votes equals a loss... revolution!
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
—Tweets on November 6 and 7, 2012, some of which were later deleted. Trump falsely believed Barack Obama had lost the popular vote. Trump’s flip-flop on the electoral college: From ‘disaster’ to ‘genius’
他（奥巴马）在普选中落败，却赢得了大选。我们应该在这个国家掀起一场革命！
虚假的选举人团制度让我们国家沦为笑柄。失败者！
选票越多，失败就意味着革命！
这场选举完全是一场骗局，一场闹剧。我们不是民主国家！
选举人团制度对民主国家来说是一场灾难。
——2012年11月6日和7日的推文，其中一些后来被删除。特朗普错误地认为巴拉克·奥巴马在普选中落败。特朗普在选举人团制度问题上的反复无常：从“灾难”到“天才”

"It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." Be careful of voter fraud!. 
—Oct 10 2012 
“你投票给谁并不重要，重要的是谁来计票。” 小心选民欺诈！
——2012年10月10日

Sadly, the American dream is dead. But if I get elected president, I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
可悲的是，美国梦已破灭。但如果我当选总统，我将把它带回来，比以往任何时候都更大、更好、更强，我们将让美国再次伟大。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. And people are saying, "What's going on? I just want a job. Just get me a job. I don't need the rhetoric. I want a job."
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我看了这些人的演讲，他们说太阳会升起，月亮会落下，各种美好的事情都会发生。而人们却说：“怎么回事？我只想要一份工作。给我一份工作就好。我不需要那些花言巧语。我只想有一份工作。”
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It's not great again.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们需要一个能够接过美国品牌，让它再次伟大起来的人。它并没有再次伟大。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We need -- we need somebody -- we need somebody that literally will take this country and make it great again. We can do that.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们需要——我们需要一个人——我们需要一个真正能带领这个国家，让它再次伟大的人。我们一定能做到。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We have people that aren't working. We have people that have no incentive to work. But they're going to have incentive to work, because the greatest social program is a job. And they'll be proud, and they'll love it, and they'll make much more than they would've ever made, and they'll be — they'll be doing so well, and we're going to be thriving as a country, thriving. It can happen. I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you that.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们有些人没有工作。我们有些人没有工作的动力。但他们终将有工作的动力，因为最伟大的社会福利项目就是一份工作。他们会感到自豪，会热爱这份工作，会赚得比以往多得多，他们会——他们会过得非常好，我们国家也会繁荣昌盛，繁荣昌盛。这是有可能实现的。我将成为上帝创造的、最重视就业的总统。我告诉你。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

We have losers. We have people that don't have it. We have people that are morally corrupt. We have people that are selling this country down the drain.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
我们有失败者。我们有不具备这种素质的人。我们有道德败坏的人。我们有出卖这个国家的人。
——2015年6月16日，特朗普大厦，宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

Bush is totally in favor of Common Core. I don't see how he can possibly get the nomination. He's weak on immigration. He's in favor of Common Core. How the hell can you vote for this guy? You just can't do it. We have to end — education has to be local.
—At Trump Tower, 2015-06-16, speech announcing his candidacy for U.S. president — "Full text: Donald Trump announces a presidential bid", The Washington Post, 16 June 2015
布什完全支持“共同核心标准”。我看不出他怎么可能获得提名。他在移民问题上立场软弱，但他支持“共同核心标准”。你怎么能投票给这个人？你根本做不到。我们必须改变——教育必须本地化。
——2015年6月16日，在特朗普大厦宣布竞选美国总统的演讲——“全文：唐纳德·特朗普宣布竞选总统”，《华盛顿邮报》，2015年6月16日

"Look at that face! [of Carly Fiorina] Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?!"
—"Trump Seriously: On the Trail With the GOP's Tough Guy", Rolling Stone, 9 September 2015
“看看那张脸！[卡莉·菲奥莉娜的] 会有人投她一票吗？你能想象，这就是我们下一任总统的脸吗？！”
——《认真对待特朗普：与共和党硬汉同行》，《滚石》，2015年9月9日

This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish.
—Criticizing Jeb Bush for speaking Spanish on the campaign trail during a Republican Presidential Debate on CNN (16 September 2015)
在这个国家，我们说的是英语，而不是西班牙语。
——CNN 批评杰布·布什在共和党总统候选人辩论中说西班牙语（2015 年 9 月 16 日）

[When the government says] 'everybody gets equal pay,' you get away from the whole American Dream.
—An unequal answer about equal pay (19 November 2015)
当政府说“人人同工同酬”时，你就远离了整个美国梦。
——关于同工同酬的不平等答案（2015年11月19日）

My policy has always been the same. We're fighting ISIS and Assad is fighting ISIS, but we're backing rebels to fight Assad. You can't fight everybody, you have to pick who you want to fight. And now you've got Turkey, who like ISIS more than they like others, no one really knows because we don't have people that know what they're doing. So in my opinion, you go along, and Russia does not like ISIS, and people are starting to find out. I mean in all fairness lost an airplane, got blew out of the air. So Russia is not a fan of ISIS. Russia is bombing the hell out of them, starting to bomb them. I say isis is our number one threat. We can't be fighting everybody at the same time. ISIS is our number one threat. I would bomb the hell out of them -- I like to do one thing at a time. I would knock the hell out of ISIS. I would hit them ... so hard like they've never been hit before.
—In an interview with Fox & Friends. (December 2, 2015)
我的政策始终如一。我们正在打击ISIS，阿萨德也在打击ISIS，但我们支持反政府武装来打击阿萨德。你不可能同时打击所有ISIS，你必须选择你想打击的对象。现在土耳其也加入了进来，他们更喜欢ISIS，但没有人真正了解情况，因为我们没有人知道他们在做什么。所以在我看来，你只能顺从，而俄罗斯不喜欢ISIS，人们也开始发现这一点。平心而论，俄罗斯损失了一架飞机，被炸飞了。所以俄罗斯不是ISIS的粉丝。俄罗斯正在对他们进行猛烈轰炸，并开始轰炸他们。我说ISIS是我们的头号威胁。我们不能同时打击所有ISIS。ISIS是我们的头号威胁。我会对他们进行猛烈轰炸——我喜欢一次只做一件事。我会彻底摧毁ISIS。我会打击他们……狠狠地打击他们，就像他们从未遭受过打击一样。 
——接受《福克斯与朋友们》采访时。（2015年12月2日）

We've done great with the evangelicals. The evangelicals have been amazing. The Tea Party has been amazing and we're doing really well.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我们与福音派人士合作得很好。福音派人士表现得非常出色。茶党也表现出色，我们做得非常好。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学讲话，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

They have totally destabilized the Middle East. It's a disaster.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
他们彻底破坏了中东的稳定。这是一场灾难。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学的讲话，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

The Persians, very good negotiators. Great negotiators, legendary negotiators. They're known for it. They're sitting across the table.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
波斯人，非常优秀的谈判者。伟大的谈判者，传奇的谈判者。他们以此闻名。他们就坐在谈判桌对面。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

We spent 5 trillion dollars in the Middle East and our country is going to hell. We gotta bring it back. We gotta knock the hell out of ISIS.
—Presidential Candidate Donald Trump at Liberty University, C-SPAN (18 January 2016)
我们在中东耗费了5万亿美元，我们的国家却正在走向地狱。我们必须夺回它。我们必须彻底摧毁ISIS。
——总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普在自由大学演讲，C-SPAN（2016年1月18日）

I can be presidential, but if I was presidential I would only have - about 20% of you would be here because it would be boring as hell.
—At a rally in Superior, Wisconsin (4 April 2016)
我可以当总统，但如果我当了总统，我大概只会让20%的人来，因为那会无聊透顶。
——威斯康星州苏必利尔市的一场集会（2016年4月4日）

A guy who didn't have the guts to run for president. Little Michael. He doesn't know anything about me. But he never had the guts to run. He probably wished he did but he didn't. He spent millions of dollars on polling but he was missing one thing: guts. Little Michael.
—On Michael Bloomberg's speech about Trump. At an interview with The New York Times' Maureen Dowd.  (July 29, 2016)
一个没胆量竞选总统的人。小迈克尔。他对我一无所知。但他从来没胆量参选。他或许也希望自己参选，但他没有。他花了数百万美元搞民调，却缺了一样东西：胆量。小迈克尔。
——谈迈克尔·布隆伯格关于特朗普的演讲。接受《纽约时报》莫琳·多德采访时。（2016年7月29日）

He's a terrible president, he'll probably go down as the worst president in the history of our country, he's been a total disaster.
—On Barack Obama during an interview with WJLA. Eric Bradner (2 August 2016), "Trump responds to Obama: 'He's a terrible president'", CNN
他是个糟糕的总统，他可能会成为我们国家历史上最糟糕的总统，他简直就是一场灾难。
——在接受WJLA采访时谈及巴拉克·奥巴马。埃里克·布拉德纳（2016年8月2日），“特朗普回应奥巴马：‘他是个糟糕的总统’”，CNN

ISIS is honoring President Obama. He is the founder of ISIS. He founded ISIS. And I would say the co-founder would be crooked Hillary Clinton.
—During a Florida rally at the BB&T Center in Sunrise, as quoted in "Donald Trump: President Barack Obama 'Is the Founder of ISIS'" by David Caplan, ABC News (August 10, 2016)
ISIS 正在向奥巴马总统致敬。他是 ISIS 的创始人，他创立了 ISIS。而我认为，联合创始人应该是狡猾的希拉里·克林顿。
——在佛罗里达州日出市 BB&T 中心举行的集会上，引自大卫·卡普兰在 ABC 新闻（2016 年 8 月 10 日）发表的文章《唐纳德·特朗普：巴拉克·奥巴马总统‘是 ISIS 的创始人’》

We have to do a much better job at giving companies incentives to build new companies or to expand, because they're not doing it.
—First presidential debate. Transcript, Washington Post (September 26, 2016)
我们必须更好地激励企业建立新公司或扩张，因为他们现在并没有这样做。
——首场总统辩论。文字记录，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年9月26日）

So important that you get out and vote. So important that you watch other communities, because we don't want this election stolen from us. We don't want this election stolen from us.
—Transcript of speech at Ambridge, Pennsylvania (October 10, 2016)
你们出去投票非常重要。你们关注其他社区也非常重要，因为我们不想这场选举被窃取。我们不想这场选举被窃取。
——宾夕法尼亚州安布里奇演讲记录（2016年10月10日）

I would like to promise and pledge to all of my voters and supporters and to all of the people of the United States that I will totally accept the results of this great and historic presidential election, if I win.
—20 October 2016, quoted in Jeremy Diamond (20 October 2016), "Donald Trump: 'I will totally accept' election results 'if I win'", CNN
我谨向所有选民、支持者以及全体美国人民承诺，如果我获胜，我将完全接受这场伟大而历史性的总统选举的结果。
——2016年10月20日，转载自杰里米·戴蒙德（2016年10月20日），“唐纳德·特朗普：‘如果我获胜，我将完全接受’选举结果”，CNN

Cooper: Please allow her to respond. She didn't talk while you talked.
Clinton: Yes, that's true, I didn't.
Trump: Because you have nothing to say.
—Second presidential debate Transcript, New York Times (October 9, 2016)
库珀：请让她回应。你说话的时候她没说话。
克林顿：是的，没错，我没有。
特朗普：因为你没什么可说的。
——《纽约时报》第二场总统辩论记录（2016年10月9日）

[About David Becker] He's grovelling again. You know, I always talk about the reporters that grovel when they want to write something that you want to hear but not necessarily millions of people want to hear or have to hear.
—"Trump's voter fraud talk has liberals worried", BBC (27 January 2017)
[关于大卫·贝克尔] 他又在卑躬屈膝了。你知道，我总是说，有些记者为了写点你想听但不一定数百万人想听或不得不听的东西，就卑躬屈膝。
——“特朗普的选民欺诈言论让自由派担忧”，BBC（2017年1月27日）

It was a slow and brutal death for so many…Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack.
—President Trump on Syria's chemical weapons attack, "President Trump blasts Syria for 'cruelly murdering' its own people as U.S. fires at least 50 missiles at airfield", 6 April 2017.
对许多人来说，这是一场缓慢而残酷的死亡……就连美丽的婴儿也在这场极其野蛮的袭击中被残忍地杀害。
——特朗普总统谈及叙利亚化学武器袭击，“特朗普总统抨击叙利亚‘残忍地杀害’本国人民，美国向叙利亚机场发射了至少50枚导弹”，2017年4月6日。

So this is promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in America. And, now, there's a lot of words I won't bother reading everything.
—Remarks by President Trump in Farmers Roundtable and Executive Order Signing Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America (April 25, 2017)
所以，这是为了促进美国的农业和农村繁荣。现在，文字太多了，我懒得一一读完。
——特朗普总统在农民圆桌会议和签署促进美国农业和农村繁荣的行政命令上的讲话（2017年4月25日）

No American should be forced to choose between the dictates of the federal government and the tenets of their faith.
—What Trump understands about religious liberty in America? (May 4, 2017)
任何美国人都不应被迫在联邦政府的指令和自身信仰之间做出选择。
——特朗普对美国的宗教自由有何理解？（2017年5月4日）

I was elected represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.
—Statement by President Trump on the Paris Climate Accord, announcing his intention to withdraw the US from the Paris Agreement (1 June 2017)
我当选是为了代表匹兹堡市民，而不是巴黎市民。
——特朗普总统就《巴黎气候协定》发表声明，宣布美国有意退出该协定（2017年6月1日）

Secretary Tom Price is also here. Today Dr. Price still lives the scout oath, helping to keep millions of Americans strong and healthy as our Secretary of Health and Human Services, and he's doing a great job. And, hopefully, he's going to get the votes tomorrow to start our path toward killing this horrible thing known as Obamacare that's really hurting us, folks. By the way, you going to get the votes? He better get them. He better get them. Oh, he better, otherwise I'll say, "Tom, you're fired."
—Trump inspiring young people at the 2017 National Scout Jamboree (24 July 2017)
汤姆·普莱斯部长也来了。如今，普莱斯博士依然履行着童子军的誓言，作为我们的卫生与公众服务部部长，帮助数百万美国人保持强健健康，他做得非常出色。希望他明天能获得选票，开启我们废除奥巴马医改的道路，因为它正在真正伤害我们。各位，顺便问一下，你们会去争取选票吗？他最好能争取到。他最好能争取到。哦，他最好能争取到，否则我会说：“汤姆，你被解雇了。”
——特朗普在2017年全国童子军大露营上激励年轻人（2017年7月24日）

By the way, just a question, did President Obama ever come to a jamboree?
—Trump inspiring young people at the 2017 National Scout Jamboree (24 July 2017)
顺便问一下，奥巴马总统参加过童子军大露营吗？
——特朗普在2017年全国童子军大露营上激励年轻人（2017年7月24日）

And you know we have a tremendous disadvantage in the electoral college, popular vote is much easier.
—Trump inspiring young people at the 2017 National Scout Jamboree (24 July 2017)
你知道，我们在选举人团制度中处于极大的劣势，普选要容易得多。
——特朗普在2017年全国童子军大露营上激励年轻人（2017年7月24日）

All appropriate departments of our government from Homeland Security to Defense are engaged fully in the disaster and the response and recovery effort probably has never been seen for something like this. This is an island surrounded by water, big water, ocean water.
—Regarding Hurricane Maria. Emily Shugerman (29 September 2017), "Donald Trump says Puerto Rico is 'an island surrounded by big water'", The Independent (UK)
从国土安全部到国防部，我们政府所有相关部门都全力投入救灾工作，应对和恢复工作力度之大或许前所未有。这是一个被水包围的岛屿，海水，浩瀚的海洋。
——关于飓风玛丽亚。艾米丽·舒格曼（2017年9月29日），“唐纳德·特朗普称波多黎各是‘被浩瀚海水包围的岛屿’”，英国《独立报》

And we see it in the mothers and the fathers who get up at the crack of dawn; they work two jobs and sometimes three jobs. They sacrifice every day for the furniture and — future of their children.
—Remarks by President Trump at the 2017 Values Voter Summit (13 October 2017)
我们从那些黎明即起的父母身上看到了这一点；他们身兼两份甚至三份工作。他们每天都在为孩子们的家具和未来做出牺牲。
——特朗普总统在2017年价值观选民峰会上的讲话（2017年10月13日）

Because in America people don't worship government. They worship God.
—CPAC conference (23 February 2018)
因为在美国，人们不崇拜政府。他们崇拜上帝。
——CPAC 会议（2018 年 2 月 23 日）

You know, if you go out and you want to buy groceries, you need a picture on a card, you need ID. You go out and you want to buy anything, you need ID and you need your picture. The only time you don’t need it in many cases is when you want to vote for a president, when you want to vote for a senator, when you want to vote for a governor or a congressman. It’s crazy.
—"Trump claims you need ID to buy groceries. You do not.", CNN (August 21, 2018)
你知道，如果你出去买东西，你需要一张带照片的卡片，你需要身份证件。你出去买任何东西，你都需要身份证件，也需要你的照片。很多时候，只有在你想投票选举总统、参议员、州长或众议员时，你才不需要身份证件。这太疯狂了。
——“特朗普声称买东西需要身份证件。其实不需要。”——CNN（2018年8月21日）

It was always told to me that you needed a constitutional amendment. Guess what? You don't,
Number one, you don't need that. Number two, you can definitely do it with an act of Congress. But now they're saying I can do it just with an executive order.
It's in the process,
It'll happen, with an executive order.
—Robert Farley (30 October 2018), "Can Trump End Birthright Citizenship by Executive Order?", FactCheck.org
我一直被告知需要宪法修正案。你猜怎么着？其实不需要。
第一，你不需要。第二，国会立法肯定可以做到。但现在他们说，只要行政命令就能做到。
事情正在处理中，
最终会通过行政命令实现的。
——罗伯特·法利（2018年10月30日），“特朗普能通过行政命令终止出生公民权吗？”，FactCheck.org

You gotta take care of the floors. You know, the floors of the forest. It's very important. You look at other countries where they do it differently, and it's a whole different story. I was with the president of Finland, and he said, "We have a much different— we're a forest nation." He called it a forest nation. And they spend a lot of time on raking and cleaning and doing things, and they don't have any problem.
—Paradise, California, 2018-11-17, quoted in Ashley Hoffman (20 November 2018), "#RakeNews: People in Finland Mock Trump With Leaf-Raking Photos After He Said the Country 'Rakes the Forest'", Time, and with video in Patrick Kingsley (18 November 2018), "Trump Says California Can Learn From Finland on Fires. Is He Right?", New York Times
你得好好照顾地面。你知道，森林的地面。这非常重要。你看看其他国家的做法，那里的情况完全不同。我和芬兰总统见面时，他说：“我们很不一样——我们是一个森林国家。” 他称之为森林国家。他们花很多时间耙地、清扫地，做各种事情，却没有任何问题。
——天堂镇，加州，2018年11月17日，引自阿什利·霍夫曼（2018年11月20日），“#RakeNews：芬兰人用耙落叶的照片嘲笑特朗普，因为他说这个国家‘耙森林’”，《时代》杂志，以及帕特里克·金斯利（2018年11月18日），“特朗普称加州可以向芬兰学习火灾防治。他说得对吗？”，《纽约时报》

I want to thank Vice President Mike Pence,
A tremendous supporter, a tremendous supporter of yours. And Karen. And they go there and they love your country. They love your country. And they love this country. That's a good combination, right?
—7 December 2018
我要感谢副总统迈克·彭斯，
他是你们的坚定支持者。还有凯伦。他们去了那里，热爱你们的国家。他们热爱你们的国家。他们也热爱这个国家。这真是个好组合，对吧？
—2018年12月7日

If you have a windmill anywhere near your house, congratulations, your house just went down 75 percent in value. And they say the noise causes cancer. You told me that one, OK. [makes circles with his hands and a noise with his mouth] You know the thing makes so... and of course it's like a graveyard for birds.
—Speech to Republican National Congressional Committee, 2019-04-02, quoted in Zachary B. Wolf (2019-04-03). "Trump's war on windmills now includes wild cancer claim". CNN. and in Jon Greenberg (2019-04-08). Donald Trump's ridiculous link between cancer, wind turbines. Politifact. Retrieved on 2019-08-18.
如果你家附近有风车，恭喜你，你的房子贬值了75%。而且据说噪音会致癌。你之前就说过，好吗？[用手画圈，嘴巴发出声音] 你知道这玩意儿噪音很大……而且当然就像鸟儿的坟墓。
——2019年4月2日在共和党全国国会委员会的演讲，Zachary B. Wolf (2019年4月3日) 引用。“特朗普对风车的战争现在包括荒唐的致癌论”。CNN。以及Jon Greenberg (2019年4月8日)。唐纳德·特朗普将癌症与风力涡轮机联系起来的荒谬说法。Politifact。检索于2019年8月18日。

Where’s my favorite dictator?
—Trump was looking for Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, as quoted by By Nancy A. Youssef, Vivian Salama and Michael C. Bender (13 September 2019), Trump, Awaiting Egyptian Counterpart at Summit, Called Out for ‘My Favorite Dictator’
我最喜欢的独裁者在哪里？
——特朗普正在寻找埃及总统阿卜杜勒·法塔赫·塞西，引自南希·A·优素福、维维安·萨拉马和迈克尔·C·本德（2019年9月13日），特朗普在峰会上等待埃及总统时，被点名“我最喜欢的独裁者”。

This raid was impeccable, and could only have taken place with the acknowledgement and help of certain other nations and people.
—Offiical release at Whitehouse.gov (27 October 2019) · Transcript of delivered remarks at The New York Times (27 October 2019) · "President Trump's full announcement on the death of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi", The Washington Post YouTube channel (27 October 2019)
这次突袭堪称完美，唯有在某些其他国家和人民的认可和帮助下才能成功。
——Whitehouse.gov 官方发布（2019 年 10 月 27 日）· 在《纽约时报》发表讲话的文字记录（2019 年 10 月 27 日）· “特朗普总统就阿布·贝克尔·巴格达迪之死的完整声明”，《华盛顿邮报》YouTube 频道（2019 年 10 月 27 日）

We are stronger, we are better, but while we are building a great future, the radical left Democrats in Washington are trying to burn it all down. They have spent the last three years, and I can even go further than that, three years since the election, but we go before the election, working to erase your ballots and overthrow our democracy. But with your help, we have exposed the far left's corruption and defeated their sinister schemes and let's see what happens in the coming months. Let's watch. Let's just watch. Very dishonest people. Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus, you know that right? Coronavirus, they're politicizing it. We did one of the great jobs. You say, "How's President Trump doing?" They go, "Oh, not good, not good." They have no clue. They don't have any clue. They can't even count their votes in Iowa. They can't even count. No, they can't. They can't count their votes.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
我们更强大，我们更优秀，但就在我们建设美好未来的同时，华盛顿的激进左翼民主党人却试图毁掉这一切。他们花了三年时间，甚至可以说，自大选以来已经三年了，但我们是在大选之前就开始行动了，他们试图抹去你们的选票，推翻我们的民主。但在你们的帮助下，我们揭露了极左翼的腐败，挫败了他们的阴谋，让我们看看未来几个月会发生什么。让我们拭目以待。让我们拭目以待。这些人非常不诚实。现在民主党人正在将新冠病毒政治化，你们知道吗？新冠病毒，他们正在将其政治化。我们做得非常出色。你会问：“特朗普总统怎么样了？”他们会说：“哦，不好，不好。”他们毫无头绪。他们完全没有头绪。他们甚至无法计算爱荷华州的选票。他们甚至无法计算。不，他们无法计算。他们无法计算选票。
—唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020 年 2 月 28 日）

I've been briefed on every contingency you can possibly imagine. Many contingencies. A lot of—a lot of positive. Different numbers. All different numbers. Very large numbers. And some small numbers too, by the way.
—Regarding coronavirus. Posed question: "Mr. President, have you been briefed that up to 100 million Americans would ultimately be exposed to the virus?". Briefing at the White House (2020-03-10)
我已经听取了所有你能想到的突发事件的简报。很多突发事件。很多——很多是积极的。不同的数字。所有不同的数字。非常大的数字。顺便说一下，也有一些小的数字。
——关于冠状病毒。提问：“总统先生，您是否被告知最终将有多达1亿美国人接触到这种病毒？” 白宫简报（2020年3月10日）

Nobody could have imagined a thing like this — a tragedy like this would have happened: the invisible enemy.
—As quoted in Remarks by President Trump in a Meeting with Supply Chain Distributors on COVID-19 (March 29, 2020), whitehouse.gov.
没有人能想象到这样的事情——这样的悲剧会发生：看不见的敌人。
——摘自特朗普总统在与供应链分销商就新冠肺炎疫情举行的会议上的讲话（2020年3月29日），whitehouse.gov。

The federal government has done something that nobody has done anything like this other than perhaps wartime. And that’s what we’re in: We’re in a war.
—As quoted in Remarks by President Trump in a Meeting with Supply Chain Distributors on COVID-19 (March 29, 2020), whitehouse.gov.
联邦政府采取了一项或许除了战时之外从未有人做过的举措。而这正是我们所处的境况：我们正身处一场战争之中。
——摘自特朗普总统在与供应链分销商就新冠疫情召开的会议中的讲话（2020年3月29日），whitehouse.gov。

So in California, the Democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. It’s all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!
—As quoted by Mark NC (9 May 2020), "In Deranged Tweets Trump Says that All California Votes ‘Must Not Count’", News Corpse
因此，在加州，民主党人拼尽全力争取所有邮寄选票，并最终成功，却刚刚在该州民主党势力最强大的地区开设了一个投票站。他们试图再次窃取选举结果。这一切都是被操纵的。这些选票一定不能算数。骗局！
——引自Mark NC（2020年5月9日），“特朗普在疯狂推文中称，所有加州选票‘一定不能算数’”，News Corpse

Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida's Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot & Vote by Mail! #MAGA,
—As quoted by Betsy Klein (3 August 2020), "In apparent reversal, Trump encourages Floridians to vote by mail", CNN
无论你称之为邮寄投票还是缺席投票，佛罗里达州的选举制度都是安全可靠、久经考验的。佛罗里达州的投票系统已经彻底改革（我们挫败了民主党试图改变的企图），因此，我鼓励佛罗里达州的所有人都申请邮寄选票和投票！#MAGA，
——贝琪·克莱因（2020年8月3日）报道，“特朗普明显逆转，鼓励佛罗里达人通过邮寄投票”，CNN

There is no way you can go through a mail-in vote without massive cheating.
—As quoted by Daniel Dale (3 August 2020), "Jonathan Swan reveals the simple secret to exposing Trump's lies: basic follow-up questions", CNN
邮寄投票不可能不出现大规模作弊。
——丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年8月3日）报道，“乔纳森·斯旺揭示揭露特朗普谎言的简单秘诀：基本的后续问题”，CNN

The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President. With Joe Hiden’ it would crash.
—Tweet
道琼斯工业指数刚刚收于29000点上方！你们能有我当总统真是太幸运了。要是乔·希登当总统，它肯定要崩盘了。
——推文

Did you ever see a man who likes a mask as much as him? He has it hanging down. Because it gives him a feeling of security. If I were a psychiatrist, right, you know I'd say: 'This guy's got some big issues. Hanging down. Hanging down'.
—Said about President candidate Joe Biden wearing a face mask for protection against Covid-19, as quoted in "Donald Trump mocks Joe Biden for manner of wearing mask", Independent.ie, 4 September 2020
你见过像他这么喜欢戴口罩的男人吗？他把口罩垂下来。因为口罩给他一种安全感。如果我是精神科医生，对吧，你知道我会说：“这家伙肯定有问题。垂下来。垂下来。”
——关于总统候选人乔·拜登戴口罩预防新冠肺炎的说法，引自“唐纳德·特朗普嘲笑乔·拜登戴口罩的方式”，Independent.ie，2020年9月4日

I learned a lot about COVID. I learned it by really going to school. This is the real school, this isn’t the let’s-read-a-book school. And I get it and I understand it and it’s a very interesting thing and I’m gonna be letting you know about it.
—Said while being treated in hospital for Covid-19, as quoted by LA Times Editorial Board (5 October 2020), "Editorial: President Trump’s learn-by-doing approach to COVID-19", LA Times
我学到了很多关于新冠的知识。我通过真正去学校学习。这才是真正的学校，而不是那种“读书式”的学校。我理解它，我明白它，这是一件非常有趣的事情，我会把它分享给大家。
——在因新冠住院治疗期间所说，引自《洛杉矶时报》编辑委员会（2020年10月5日），“社论：特朗普总统在应对新冠疫情的实践中学习”，《洛杉矶时报》

I don’t think I’m contagious at all.
—Quoted by Will Feuer (8 October 2020), "President Trump says he’s not ‘contagious at all’ days after leaving hospital with coronavirus", CNBC
我认为自己根本不会传染。
——威尔·费尔（Will Feuer）（2020年10月8日）“特朗普总统确诊感染新冠病毒出院几天后表示，他‘根本不会传染’”，CNBC

Monster .. Communist .. Horrible .. Totally unlikeable
—Trump was referring to Vice President candidate Kamala Harris, as quoted by Elizabeth Thomas (8 October 2020), "Trump insults Harris as 'a monster' morning after vice presidential debate", ABC News
怪物……共产主义者……可怕……完全不讨人喜欢
——特朗普指的是副总统候选人卡马拉·哈里斯，引自伊丽莎白·托马斯（2020年10月8日）的报道，“特朗普在副总统辩论后第二天早上辱骂哈里斯是‘怪物’”，ABC新闻

We won’t have a president that threatens people with jail for just criticizing him
—On the campaign trail for Joe Biden in [Obama Hits Campaign Trail In South Florida, Criticizing Trump's Behavior As Worse Than Florida Man October 25, 2020
我们不会选一位仅仅因为批评他就威胁要把人关进监狱的总统。
——乔·拜登的竞选活动[奥巴马在南佛罗里达州进行竞选活动，批评特朗普的行为比佛罗里达男子更糟糕 2020年10月25日

RINOS @BrianKempGA, @GeoffDuncanGA, & Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger, will be solely responsible for the potential loss of our two GREAT Senators from Georgia, @sendavidperdue & @KLoeffler. Won’t call a Special Session or check for Signature Verification! People are ANGRY!
—Quoted by Jeffery Martin (7 December 2020), "Trump Says 'RINOS' Kemp, Raffensperger 'Solely Responsible' If Loeffler, Perdue Lose Election", Newsweek
RINOS @BrianKempGA、@GeoffDuncanGA 和国务卿布拉德·拉芬斯珀格将对我们佐治亚州两位杰出参议员 @sendavidperdue 和 @KLoeffler 的可能离职负全部责任。不会召开特别会议，也不会进行签名验证！人们都愤怒了！
——杰弗里·马丁 (Jeffery Martin) 于 2020 年 12 月 7 日撰文：“特朗普称‘RINOS’ Kemp 和 Raffensperger 将对 Loeffler 和 Perdue 输掉选举负全部责任”，《新闻周刊》

WE HAVE JUST BEGUN TO FIGHT!!!
—Tweeted about contesting the 2020 Presidential election result, as quoted by Maeve Reston (11 December 2020), "Trump engages in self-sabotage ahead of historic vaccine rollout", CNN
我们才刚刚开始战斗！！！
——关于对2020年总统大选结果提出异议的推文，引自梅芙·雷斯顿（2020年12月11日）的报道，“特朗普在历史性疫苗推广前进行自我破坏”，CNN

It's not over. We keep going and we're going to continue to go forward.
—Quoted by Ronn Blitzner (12 December 2020), "Trump tells 'Fox & Friends' election challenges 'not over' ahead of Electoral College vote", Fox News
一切尚未结束。我们会继续前进，并将继续前行。
——罗恩·布利茨纳（Ronn Blitzner）（2020年12月12日）“特朗普在选举人团投票前告诉‘福克斯和朋友们’，选举挑战‘尚未结束’”，福克斯新闻

Wow! Thousands of people forming in Washington (D.C.) for Stop the Steal. Didn't know about this, but I'll be seeing them! #MAGA
—Conservative groups hold rally in Washington D.C. claiming U.S. elections were stolen from President TrumpDecember 15, 2020
哇！数千人在华盛顿特区集会，呼吁“停止窃取”。我之前不知道，但我一定会去看看！#MAGA
——保守派团体在华盛顿特区举行集会，声称美国大选被特朗普总统窃取。2020年12月15日

the real insurrection happened on November 3rd, the Presidential Election, not on January 6th—which was a day of protesting the Fake Election results
—October 6, 2021
真正的暴动发生在11月3日，也就是总统选举日，而不是1月6日——那一天是为了抗议虚假选举结果。
——2021年10月6日

If we don't solve the Presidential Election Fraud of 2020 (which we have thoroughly and conclusively documented), Republicans will not be voting in '22 or '24. It is the single most important thing for Republicans to do.
—According to an MSNBC article and a short video "Democrats finally have reason to celebrate one of Trump's threats" (October 13, 2021)
如果我们不能解决2020年总统选举舞弊问题（我们已经对此进行了全面且确凿的记录），共和党人将不会在2022年或2024年投票。这是共和党人必须做的最重要的事情。
——据MSNBC的一篇文章和一段短视频报道，“民主党终于有理由庆祝特朗普的一项威胁了”（2021年10月13日）

I was right and everyone knows it. If there is fraud or large scale irregularities, it would have been appropriate to send those votes back to the legislatures to figure it out.
—4 February 2022 per 7 February 2022 report by Reuters Pence says Trump was wrong that he could have overturned 2020 election by Alexandra Ulmer
我是对的，每个人都知道。如果存在欺诈或大规模违规行为，将这些选票送回立法机构查明真相是合适的。
——2022年2月4日，路透社2022年2月7日报道 彭斯称特朗普认为他本可以推翻2020年大选结果的想法是错误的，作者：亚历山德拉·乌尔默

I feel very confident that, if I decide to run, I’ll win.
I made America great again, and I may have to do it again.
In my own mind, I’ve already made that decision, so nothing factors in anymore. In my own mind, I’ve already made that decision.
—"Donald Trump on 2024: ‘I’ve Already Made That Decision’ The only question left in the former president’s mind is when he’ll announce", Intelligencer, 14 July 2022
我非常有信心，如果我决定参选，我一定会赢。
我让美国再次伟大，而且我可能还要再次这样做。
在我心里，我已经做出了决定，所以其他一切都不再重要。在我心里，我已经做出了决定。
——“唐纳德·特朗普谈2024年：‘我已经做出了决定’ 这位前总统心中唯一的疑问就是他何时会宣布参选”，《情报员》，2022年7月14日

If you're the president of the United States, you can declassify just by saying it's declassified, even by thinking about it, because you're sending it to Mar-a-Lago or to wherever you're sending it. And there doesn't have to be a process. There can be a process, but it doesn't have to be.
—"Trump: Presidents can declassify files by 'thinking about it'", Bay News 9, 22 September 2022
如果你是美国总统，你只要说“解密了”就可以解密，甚至只需想一想就可以，因为你要把它送到海湖庄园或任何你想送去的地方。这不需要经过什么程序。可以有程序，但不必如此。
——“特朗普：总统只需‘想一想’就可以解密文件”，《湾区新闻》9，2022年9月22日

Why should Crooked Joe Biden be able to force me into the time and expense of trials, especially before the Election, on bogus claims pushed by his chief political supporter, The Department of Injustice? What a horrible precedent this sets for future Presidential campaigns. Crooked Joe Biden’s only campaign strategy is Indicting me, going on extended vacations, and Sleep, Sleep, Sleep!!!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110918860464876718 https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110918173717605996
为什么骗子乔·拜登能够强迫我花费时间和金钱去接受审判，尤其是在大选之前，还要面对他的主要政治支持者——不公正部——提出的虚假指控？这为未来的总统竞选开创了一个多么可怕的先例。骗子乔·拜登唯一的竞选策略就是起诉我，然后去长假，然后睡觉，睡觉，睡觉！！！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110918860464876718 https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110918173717605996

I easily won the Great State of Georgia in 2016, did a fantastic job, as President, for Georgia and the entire USA, received 10 Million more votes than I got, nationwide, in 2016, got by far the most votes in history for a sitting President, but shockingly, “LOST” Georgia. All this despite winning nearby Alabama and South Carolina in Record Setting Landslides. Why did Georgia officials agree to, and sign, the one sided Consent Decree? Does anybody really believe I lost Georgia? I DON’T!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110916681777676824
2016年，我轻松赢得了伟大的佐治亚州，作为总统，我为佐治亚州乃至整个美国做出了卓越的贡献。2016年，我获得的选票比我在全国范围内获得的选票多出1000万张，创下了现任总统历史上的最高纪录。但令人震惊的是，我“输”了佐治亚州。尽管我以创纪录的压倒性优势赢得了邻近的阿拉巴马州和南卡罗来纳州，但我依然输掉了选举。佐治亚州官员为什么会同意并签署这份片面的“同意令”？真的有人相信我输掉了佐治亚州吗？我不相信！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110916681777676824

MINORITY VOTERS ARE ABANDONING CROOKED JOE BIDEN & THE DEMOCRAT PARTY FOR “TRUMP.” THANK YOU, A VERY WISE DECISION!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/1110151303435539041
少数族裔选民正在抛弃腐败的乔·拜登和民主党，转而支持“特朗普”。谢谢你，这是一个非常明智的决定！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/1110151303435539041

We will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America strong again.
We will make America proud again.
We will make America safe again.
We will make America great again!
—Presidential campaign slogans, Bronx, NY (25 May 2024)
我们将让美国再次强大。
我们将让美国再次富裕。
我们将让美国再次强大。
我们将让美国再次骄傲。
我们将让美国再次安全。
我们将让美国再次伟大！
——总统竞选口号，纽约州布朗克斯区（2024年5月25日）

If he wins, our country is going to be destroyed.
He’s a demented tyrant.
—Claimed about President of the United States of America Joe Biden, quoted in "The Politics of Fear Itself", The Atlantic (May 7, 2024)
如果他赢了，我们的国家就会被摧毁。
他是个疯狂的暴君。
——这是对美国总统乔·拜登的评价，摘自《大西洋月刊》（2024年5月7日）《恐惧本身的政治》。

Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled, and we will restore, as we had just four years ago, peace through strength. They respected our country and they respected your President.
—18 May 2024 in Dallas, Texas in speech to NRA aired on Fox, transcribed 20 May 2024
在我入主椭圆形办公室之前，也就是我们赢得总统大选后不久，我将平息俄罗斯和乌克兰之间可怕的战争，并像四年前一样，通过实力恢复和平。他们尊重我们的国家，也尊重你们的总统。
——2024年5月18日，在德克萨斯州达拉斯，在福克斯电视台播出的美国步枪协会（NRA）演讲，文字记录于2024年5月20日

Wouldn't it be terrible to throw the President's wife and the former Secretary of State into jail? Wouldn't that be a terrible thing? But they wanna do it! It's a terrible, terrible, path that they're leading us to & it's very possible that it's going to have to happen to them.
—5 June 2024 per NewsNationNow article by Brett Samuels of The Hill
把总统夫人和前国务卿关进监狱，难道不可怕吗？难道不可怕吗？但他们偏要这么做！他们正把我们引向一条极其可怕的道路，而且他们很可能最终也会遭遇这样的命运。
——2024年6月5日，《国会山报》布雷特·塞缪尔斯在NewsNationNow上发表的文章

I really don't know what he said at the end of that sentence. I don't think he knows what he said either.
—About Joe Biden. Presidential debate, June 27, 2024
我真的不知道他最后那句话说了什么。我觉得他自己也不知道他说了什么。
——关于乔·拜登。总统辩论，2024年6月27日

I heard she's sort of a nasty person.
She doesn't do interviews 'cause she can't answer questions.
—7 August 2024 about Vice President of the United States of America, Kamala Harris, cited in "Trump’s Latest Desperate Kamala Attacks Fall Hilariously Flat", The New Republic
我听说她有点讨厌。
她不接受采访，因为她回答不了问题。
——2024年8月7日，关于美国副总统卡玛拉·哈里斯，引自《新共和》杂志“特朗普最近对卡玛拉的绝望攻击以滑稽的方式失败”

She actually called me ‘weird. And she called JD and I ‘weird.’ He’s not weird, he was a great student at Yale.
We have this guy that’s running a failed, really a very failed state who’s had a terrible career. I mean you have him saying, ‘They’re weird.’ No, he’s a weird guy, and she’s weird in her policy.
—16 August 2024 claim about Vice President of the USA Kamala Harris and Governor of Minnesota Tim Walz, quoted in "Trump Denies He And JD Vance Are Weird In The Weirdest Way Possible", Yahoo News / Huffington Post
她居然说我“怪人”。她还说我和JD“怪人”。他不怪，他在耶鲁大学是个好学生。
我们这边有个家伙，管理着一个失败的、非常失败的州，他的职业生涯也很糟糕。我的意思是，你会听到他说“他们怪人”。不，他是个怪人，而且她的政策也怪。
——2024年8月16日关于美国副总统卡马拉·哈里斯和明尼苏达州州长蒂姆·沃尔兹的说法，引自雅虎新闻/赫芬顿邮报的“特朗普否认他和JD·万斯以最怪异的方式怪异”

That was a coup, it was a vicious violent overthrow of a president of the United States.
—20 August 2024 about Joe Biden pulling out of the 2024 presidential election, quoted in "Trump Counters DNC With Rally In Michigan - "That Was A Coup"", KTRH Local Houston and Texas News
那是一场政变，是一场残酷的暴力推翻美国总统的事件。
——2024年8月20日，关于乔·拜登退出2024年总统大选的消息，引自KTRH休斯顿和德克萨斯当地新闻《特朗普在密歇根举行集会反击民主党全国代表大会——“那是一场政变”》

We have a fool as a president.
—20 August 2024 cited in "Trump Counters DNC With Rally In Michigan - "That Was A Coup"", KTRH Local Houston and Texas News
我们的总统真是个傻瓜。
——2024年8月20日，KTRH休斯顿和德克萨斯当地新闻报道，题为“特朗普在密歇根举行集会反击民主党全国代表大会——“那是一场政变””

Our primary focus is not to get out the vote, it is to make sure they don’t cheat. We have all the votes we’ll need. You can see it ... every house along the way has signs: Trump, Trump, Trump, Vance, Trump, Vance.
—20 August 2024 in "Trump says his focus is ensuring Democrats 'don't cheat,' not voter turnout — echoing efforts to undermine election", NBC News
我们的首要任务不是争取选票，而是确保他们不会作弊。我们已经拥有了所有需要的选票。你可以看到……沿途每家每户都挂着标语：特朗普、特朗普、特朗普、万斯、特朗普、万斯。
——2024年8月20日，NBC新闻“特朗普称他的重点是确保民主党‘不作弊’，而不是投票率——呼应破坏选举的努力”

I’m announcing today in a major statement that under the Trump administration, your government will pay for — or your insurance company will be mandated to pay for — all costs associated with IVF treatment. Because we want more babies, to put it nicely.
—30 August 2024 in 'We want more babies': Trump promises free IVF treatments amid abortion rights debate, says 'US government will pay' - But how?
我今天在此发表重要声明，在特朗普政府的领导下，你们的政府将支付——或者你们的保险公司将被强制支付——所有与试管婴儿治疗相关的费用。说得好听点，是因为我们想要更多孩子。
——2024年8月30日，《我们想要更多孩子》：特朗普在堕胎权辩论中承诺免费提供试管婴儿治疗，并称“美国政府将支付”——但如何支付？

I’ll be voting ’no’ for that reason
“’No’ on (Florida) Amendment 4?”
For that reason because it‘s radical. You talk about radical. Doing an abortion in the ninth month is unacceptable to anybody…. There‘s something in between, but the six (weeks) is too short, it‘s just too short a period and the nine months is unacceptable…. But for that reason, for the radicalization on the Democrats side, we‘re voting ’no’.
“…Would you veto a federal abortion ban?”
I‘m not going to have to think about it because it‘s working out so well right now. The states are doing it. It‘s a states issue…. Well, what‘s happening is you‘re never going to have to do it because it‘s being done by the states. The states are voting. And the people are now getting a chance to vote and this is the way everybody wanted it.
—30 August 2024 when asked about how he would vote on the Florida abortion amendment in the upcoming election in Pro-lifers blast Trump 'betrayal' with shifting abortion stance, answer on Florida Amendment 4
我会因为这个原因投反对票。
“反对（佛罗里达州）第四修正案？”
因为这个原因，因为它太激进了。你说的就是激进。怀孕九个月堕胎对任何人来说都是不可接受的……中间有一个期限，但六（周）太短了，太短了，而九个月是不能接受的……但出于这个原因，考虑到民主党方面的激进主义，我们投了反对票。
“……你会否决联邦堕胎禁令吗？”
我不用考虑这个问题，因为现在进展顺利。各州都在这样做。这是各州的事情……嗯，现在的情况是，你永远不需要这样做，因为这是由各州自己做的。各州正在投票。现在人们有机会投票了，这也是每个人都希望看到的方式。
—2024 年 8 月 30 日，当被问及在即将到来的佛罗里达州选举中将如何投票支持堕胎修正案时，反堕胎人士抨击特朗普改变堕胎立场是“背叛”，并回答了佛罗里达州第四修正案

Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential election where you have every right to do it?
—"Trump says he had 'every right' to interfere in 2020 election", CNN (September 2, 2024)
谁听说过你因为干预总统选举而被起诉，而你完全有权利这么做？
——“特朗普称他‘完全有权’干预2020年大选”，CNN（2024年9月2日）

I’ve been preparing all my life for this debate.
—Referring to his upcoming September 10th debate with Kamala Harris, in Harris and Trump court voters ahead of first debate, News13 WBTW (September 4, 2024)
我一生都在为这场辩论做准备。
——提及他即将于9月10日与卡马拉·哈里斯举行的辩论，《哈里斯和特朗普在首场辩论前争取选民》，News13 WBTW（2024年9月4日）

The moment we win, we will rapidly review the cases of every political prisoner unjustly victimized by the Harris regime, and I will sign their pardons on day one. With your vote this election, their lying, cheating, thieving, hoaxing, and plotting will come to an end. We got to stop the cheating. If we stop that cheating, if we don't let them cheat, I don't even have to campaign anymore. We're going to win by so much.
—At a rally in Wisconsin on Saturday, CNN News Central Transcripts (September 9, 2024)
一旦我们获胜，我们将迅速审查每一位遭受哈里斯政权不公正对待的政治犯的案件，我将在第一天签署赦免令。有了你们在这次选举中投票，他们的谎言、欺骗、盗窃、恶作剧和阴谋都将终结。我们必须阻止作弊。如果我们阻止了作弊，如果我们不让他们作弊，我甚至不用再竞选了。我们将以巨大的优势获胜。
——周六在威斯康星州的一场集会上，CNN新闻中心文字记录（2024年9月9日）

We hardly make chips anymore because of philosophies like they have and policies like they have. I don't say her because she has no policy. Everything that she believed three years ago and four years ago is out the window. She's going to my philosophy now. In fact, I was going to send her a MAGA hat. She's gone to my philosophy. But if she ever got elected, she'd change it. And it will be the end of our country. She's a Marxist. Everybody knows she's a Marxist.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
我们几乎不再生产芯片了，就因为他们的理念和政策。我不提她，因为她根本没有政策。她三年前、四年前所相信的一切都已经烟消云散了。她现在信奉我的理念。事实上，我本来打算送她一顶“让美国再次伟大”的帽子。她信奉了我的理念。但如果她当选，她会改变它。那将是我们的末日。她是个马克思主义者。每个人都知道她是马克思主义者。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

But her vice presidential pick [Tim Walz] says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says execution after birth, it's execution, no longer abortion, because the baby is born, is okay. And that's not okay with me. Hence the vote. But what I did is something for 52 years they've been trying to get Roe v. Wade into the states.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
但她提名的副总统候选人[蒂姆·沃尔兹]表示，怀孕九个月后堕胎完全没问题。他还表示，婴儿出生后执行死刑，这才是执行死刑，不再是堕胎，因为婴儿已经出生了，这完全没问题。而我对此并不认同。因此才投票。但我所做的，正是他们52年来一直试图将罗诉韦德案带入各州的事情。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

And now states are voting on it. And for the first time you're going to see -- look, this is an issue that's torn our country apart for 52 years. Every legal scholar, every Democrat, every Republican, liberal, conservative, they all wanted this issue to be brought back to the states where the people could vote. And that's what happened, happened.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
现在各州正在就此进行投票。你们将首次看到——瞧，这是一个撕裂我们国家52年的问题。每一位法律学者、每一位民主党人、每一位共和党人，无论是自由派还是保守派，他们都希望这个问题能够回到各州，让人民拥有投票权。而这正是发生的事情。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

But just to finish, I got more votes than any Republican in history by far. In fact, I got more votes than any president, sitting president in history by far.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
最后，我要说的是，我获得的选票比历史上任何一位共和党人都多得多。事实上，我获得的选票比历史上任何一位现任总统都多得多。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

Responding to Harris‘ statement that he inherited $400 million:
Well, first of all, I wasn't given $400 million. I wish I was. My father was a Brooklyn builder. Brooklyn, Queens. And a great father and I learned a lot from him. But I was given a fraction of that, a tiny fraction, and I built it into many, many billions of dollars. Many, many billions. And when people see it, they are even surprised. So, we don't have to talk about that.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
回应哈里斯声称自己继承了4亿美元的说法：
首先，我并没有继承4亿美元。我希望我继承。我父亲是布鲁克林的一位建筑商，在皇后区布鲁克林。他是一位伟大的父亲，我从他身上学到了很多。但我只继承了其中的一小部分，很小的一部分，而我却把它变成了数十亿美元的财富。数十亿美元。当人们看到它时，他们甚至会感到惊讶。所以，我们不必谈论这个。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

Because the prices of energy were quadrupling and doubling. You saw what happened to gasoline. So, they said let’s go back to Trump. But if she won the election, the day after that election, they’ll go back to destroying our country and oil will be dead, fossil fuel will be dead. We’ll go back to windmills and we’ll go back to solar, where they need a whole desert to get some energy to come out. You ever see a solar plant? By the way, I’m a big fan of solar. But they take 400, 500 acres of desert soil— These are not good things for the environment that she understands.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
因为能源价格翻了两番，甚至翻了两番。汽油的价格你们也看到了。所以，他们说，让我们回到特朗普的阵营。但如果她赢得大选，大选的第二天，他们就会继续摧毁我们的国家，石油会消亡，化石燃料也会消亡。我们会回到风电，回到太阳能，而太阳能需要整整一整片沙漠才能产出一些能源。你见过太阳能发电厂吗？顺便说一句，我非常喜欢太阳能。但他们占用了400到500英亩的沙漠土壤——她知道，这些对环境不利。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

And we have a president that we don't even know if he's -- where is our president? We don't even know if he's a president.
DAVID MUIR: And just to clarify here.
They threw him out of a campaign like a dog. We don't even know, is he our president? But we have a president…
DAVID MUIR: Mr. President,--
…that doesn't know he's alive.
—Harris-Trump presidential debate transcript, ABC News (September 10, 2024)
我们有一位总统，我们甚至不知道他是否——我们的总统在哪里？我们甚至不知道他是否是总统。
大卫·缪尔：我来澄清一下。
他们把他像狗一样踢出竞选活动。我们甚至不知道，他是我们的总统吗？但我们有一位总统……
大卫·缪尔：总统先生——
……不知道他还活着。
——哈里斯-特朗普总统辩论记录，ABC新闻（2024年9月10日）

They have a term, ‘grocery.’ It’s an old term, but it means basically what you’re buying: food. It’s a pretty accurate term, but it’s an old-fashioned sound, but groceries are down.
Costs are down, eggs are down. They were, first week they were hitting me with ‘Eggs were up 200%’ and now they’re down to a number that is amazing. We’re down 97, 98% from where they were.
—"People Left Flabbergasted By Trump's Explanation Of 1 English Word To UAE President", Yahoo News / Huffington Post (May 15, 2025)
他们有个词叫“杂货”。这是一个老词儿了，但基本意思就是你买的东西：食物。这个词很准确，但听起来有点老套，不过杂货价格确实下降了。
成本下降了，鸡蛋价格也下降了。第一周他们还跟我说“鸡蛋涨了200%”，现在却降到了一个惊人的数字。比之前下降了97%到98%。
——“特朗普向阿联酋总统解释一个英文单词，民众惊呆了”，雅虎新闻/赫芬顿邮报（2025年5月15日）

3. Media and Public Image
3. 媒体与公众形象

In many cases, I probably identify more as Democrat. It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans. Now, it shouldn't be that way. But if you go back, I mean it just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats. ...But certainly we had some very good economies under Democrats, as well as Republicans. But we've had some pretty bad disaster under the Republicans.
—Said in an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, as quoted by Chris Moody, "Trump in '04: 'I probably identify more as Democrat'", CNN
在很多情况下，我可能更认同自己是民主党人。只是看起来民主党执政时期的经济比共和党执政时期更好。现在看来，情况不应该如此。但如果你回顾过去，我的意思是，看起来民主党执政时期的经济更好。……当然，民主党执政时期和共和党执政时期，我们的经济都表现得非常好。但在共和党执政时期，我们经历了一些相当严重的灾难。
——在接受 CNN 的沃尔夫·布利策采访时表示，克里斯·穆迪引用道，“2004 年的特朗普：‘我可能更认同自己是民主党人’”，CNN

Jose Diaz-Balart: Mr. Trump, you know 53,000 Hispanics turn 18 years of age in this country every month, born in the country of voting age. 54 million plus Hispanics — many feel that what you said when you said that the people who cross the border are rapists and murderers—
Donald Trump: No, no, no! We're talking about illegal immigration and everybody understands that. And you know what? That's a typical case. That's a typical case of the press with misinterpretation. They take a half a sentence, they take a half a sentence, then they take quarter of a sentence and put it all together. It's a typical thing...
Diaz-Balart: I'm not finished with my question.
Trump: No, no! You're finished!
—Oliver Darcy (23 July 2015), "Crowd Erupts in Applause at How Donald Trump Handles MSNBC Host at Presser: 'You're Finished!'", TheBlaze
何塞·迪亚兹-巴拉特：特朗普先生，您知道吗？我们国家每个月都有5.3万名西班牙裔人年满18岁，他们出生在拥有投票权的国家。超过5400万西班牙裔人——很多人觉得您说的那些越境者是强奸犯和杀人犯——
唐纳德·特朗普：不不不！我们讨论的是非法移民，每个人都明白这一点。你知道吗？这是一个典型的案例。这是一个典型的媒体曲解案例。他们把半句话、半句话、四分之一句话拼凑在一起。这是典型的……
迪亚兹-巴拉特：我的问题还没问完。
特朗普：不不不！你说完了！
—Oliver Darcy（2015 年 7 月 23 日），“唐纳德·特朗普在新闻发布会上对 MSNBC 主持人说‘你完了！’，人群爆发出热烈的掌声”，TheBlaze

You've seen my statements, I do very well, I don't mind paying some taxes. The middle class is getting clobbered in this country. You know the middle class built this country, not the hedge fund guys, but I know people in hedge funds that pay almost nothing and it's ridiculous.
—Interview on Bloomberg's With All Due Respect — David Knowles (26 August 2015), "Donald Trump Says He Wants to Raise Taxes on Himself", Bloomberg
你们也看到了我的声明，我过得很好，我不介意交点税。这个国家的中产阶级正在遭受重创。你们知道，是中产阶级建设了这个国家，而不是对冲基金经理们，但我知道对冲基金里的人几乎不交税，这太荒唐了。
——彭博社《恕我直言》节目采访——大卫·诺尔斯（2015年8月26日），“唐纳德·特朗普称他想提高自己的税收”，彭博社

They share these oppressive views and values. We want to remain a free and open society. Then, and if we do, then we have to control our borders. We have to control, and we have to control them now, not later. Right now.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
他们认同这些压迫性的观点和价值观。我们希望保持一个自由开放的社会。那么，如果我们真的这么做了，就必须管控我们的边境。我们必须管控，而且必须现在就管控，而不是以后。现在就管控。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

I never said "give teachers guns" like was stated on Fake News @CNN & @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving "concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to...
... immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A "gun free" school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
—Tweets (February 22, 2018), as cited in "Trump defends arming teachers, applauds NRA" NBC News (February 22, 2018)
我从未像假新闻@CNN和@NBC那样说过“给老师配枪”。我说的是，考虑为那些拥有军事或特殊训练经验、精通枪支的老师——当然，也只有最优秀的老师——提供“隐藏式枪支”。现在，20%的老师，很多老师，都能……
……如果一个野蛮的变态带着恶意来到学校，就能立即开枪还击。训练有素的教师也能对那些胆小鬼起到震慑作用。比雇佣保安，投入的资源要多得多，成本却低得多。“无枪”学校会吸引坏人。袭击将会终结！
——推文（2018年2月22日），引自NBC新闻“特朗普为武装教师辩护，赞扬全国步枪协会”（2018年2月22日）

Here with you are over 60 veterans who landed on D-day. Our debt to you is everlasting. Today we express our undying gratitude. When you were young, these men enlisted their lives in a great crusade, one of the greatest of all times. Their mission is the story of an epic battle and the ferocious, eternal struggle between good and evil. On the 6th of June, 1944, they joined a liberation force of awesome power and breathtaking scale. After months of planning, the Allies had chosen this ancient coastline to mount their campaign to vanquish the wicked tyranny of the Nazi empire from the face of the Earth. The battle began in the skies above us. In those first tense midnight hours, 1,000 aircraft roared overhead, with 17,000 Allied airborne troops preparing to leap into the darkness beyond these trees. Then came dawn. The enemy who had occupied these heights saw the largest naval armada in the history of the world. Just a few miles offshore were 7,000 vessels bearing 130,000 warriors.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
这里有超过60位在诺曼底登陆的老兵，我们永远感激你们。今天，我们表达我们永恒的感激。当你们年少时，这些将士们投身于一场伟大的圣战，这是有史以来最伟大的圣战之一。他们的使命是一场史诗般的战斗，也是善与恶之间残酷而永恒的斗争。1944年6月6日，他们加入了一支威力惊人、规模惊人的解放军。经过数月的筹划，盟军选择在这片古老的海岸线上发起他们的战役，以将纳粹帝国的邪恶暴政从地球上彻底消灭。战斗在我们头顶的天空打响。在午夜最初的几个紧张时刻，1000架飞机在头顶呼啸而过，17000名盟军空降兵准备跃入树林之外的黑暗中。随后黎明到来。占领这些高地的敌人目睹了世界历史上规模最大的海军舰队。距离海岸仅几英里的地方，停泊着7000艘战舰，载着13万名战士。
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念致辞。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

Now this is a new thing that just happened to as the invisible enemy we call it. And if you can, if you have a no signs of heart problems, the azithromycin, which will kill certain things that you don’t want living within your body. It’s a powerful drug. If you don’t have a problem, a heart problem, we would say, let your doctor think about it, but as a combination, I think they’re going to be, I think there’s two things that should be looked at very strongly. Now, we have purchased and we have stockpiled 29 million pills of the hydroxy chloroquine, 29 million. A lot of drug stores have them by prescription and also, and they’re not expensive. Also, we’re sending them to various labs. Our military, we’re sending them to the hospitals, we’re sending them all over. I just think it’s something, you know the expression, I’ve used it for certain reasons.
—Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, April 5. Transcript at Rev.
现在，这是一种新出现的疾病，我们称之为“隐形敌人”。如果你没有心脏问题的迹象，可以服用阿奇霉素，它可以杀死你体内某些你不想活的细菌。这是一种强效药物。如果你没有心脏问题，我们会说，让你的医生考虑一下。但综合起来，我认为有两件事需要非常重视。现在，我们已经购买并储存了2900万片羟氯喹。很多药店都有处方药，而且价格也不贵。此外，我们正在把它们送到各个实验室。我们的军队，我们把它们送到医院，我们把它们送到各地。我只是觉得它有点用处，你知道那个说法，我出于某些原因用过它。
——冠状病毒特别工作组简报，4月5日。Rev. 记录。

I’m not a big fan of Fox, I’ll be honest with you.
We’re signing a healthcare plan within two weeks, a full and complete healthcare plan that the supreme court decision on DACA gave me the right to do. So we’re going to solve – we’re going to sign an immigration plan, a healthcare plan, and various other plans. And nobody will have done what I’m doing in the next four weeks.
—As quoted by Amanda Holpuch (19 July 2020), "Donald Trump v Fox News Sunday: extraordinary moments from a wild interview", The Guardian
说实话，我不太喜欢福克斯。
我们将在两周内签署一份医保计划，一份完整的医保计划，这是最高法院关于DACA的裁决赋予我的权利。所以我们要解决这个问题——我们将签署一份移民计划、一份医保计划以及其他各种计划。而且，在接下来的四周里，没有人会像我这样。
——引自阿曼达·霍尔普奇（2020年7月19日），《卫报》：“唐纳德·特朗普诉福克斯周日新闻：一次疯狂采访中的非凡瞬间”

Totally fake news
—responding to the NYT report on the alleged tax avoidance by Donald Trump
完全是假新闻
——回应《纽约时报》关于唐纳德·特朗普涉嫌避税的报道

The recent statement by / Chris Krebs on the security of the 2020 Election was highly inaccurate... Therefore, effective immediately, Chris Krebs has been terminated as Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
—Trump fires his Director of the Cybersecurity via twitter according to Trump ousts Homeland Security cyber chief Chris Krebs, who called election secure published November 18, 2020
克里斯·克雷布斯 (Chris Krebs) 最近就 2020 年大选安全发表的声明非常不准确……因此，克里斯·克雷布斯 (Chris Krebs) 已被解除网络安全和基础设施安全局局长的职务，立即生效。
——特朗普通过推特解雇了其网络安全局局长，据特朗普罢免国土安全部网络主管克里斯·克雷布斯 (Chris Krebs) 称，他曾称大选安全，2020 年 11 月 18 日发布

I went in yesterday and there was a television screen, and I said, 'This is genius.' Putin declares a big portion of the Ukraine, of Ukraine, Putin declares it as independent. Oh, that's wonderful. So Putin is now saying, 'It's independent,' a large section of Ukraine. I said, 'How smart is that?' And he's going to go in and be a peacekeeper. That's the strongest peace force. We could use that on our southern border. That's the strongest peace force I've ever seen. ... Here's a guy who's very savvy. ... I know him very well. Very, very well.
—Said about the Russian invasion of Ukraine, in an interview at The Clay Travis & Buck Sexton Show, as quoted in "Trump sides with Putin as Biden tries to stop a war", CNN, 23 February 2022.
我昨天去了，看到电视屏幕，我说：“这真是天才。”普京宣布乌克兰很大一部分地区独立。哦，太棒了。所以普京现在说，“乌克兰很大一部分地区独立了”。我说：“这有多聪明？”他要去当维和部队。那是最强大的维和部队。我们可以在南部边境派这支部队。那是我见过的最强大的维和部队……他是个非常精明的人……我非常了解他。非常非常了解。
——在接受《克莱·特拉维斯和巴克·塞克斯顿秀》采访时谈到俄罗斯入侵乌克兰，引自CNN，2022年2月23日报道，题为《拜登试图阻止战争，特朗普站在普京一边》

Thousands of veterans were put on secret medial wait lists and many of them were left to die, All of that changed when WE arrived at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
—https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-lays-out-exemplary-agenda-that-will-restore-hope-and-care-to-americas-veterans/
数千名退伍军人被列入秘密的医疗候补名单，其中许多人被遗弃等死。当我们抵达宾夕法尼亚大道1600号时，这一切都改变了。
—https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-lays-out-exemplary-agenda-that-will-restore-hope-and-care-to-americas-veterans/

I think that Crooked Joe Biden is not only dumb and incompetent, I believe he has gone MAD, a stark raving Lunatic, with his HORRIBLE AND COUNTRY THREATENING ENVIRONMENTAL, OPEN BORDERS, & DOJ/FBI WEAPONIZATION POLICIES. HE IS A MENTAL CATASTROPHE THAT IS LEADING OUR COUNTRY TO HELL!What Crooked Joe Biden, who can’t string two sentences together, has done to our once great Country through his Open Borders CATASTROPHE, may go down as the greatest and most damaging mistake ever made in USA HISTORY. It is not even believable that such incompetence and stupidity could have been allowed to happen. OUR COUNTRY IS BEING DESTROYED BY A MAN WITH THE MIND, IDEAS, AND I.Q. OF A FIRST GRADER. THIS INVASION OF OUR COUNTRY MUST STOP IMMEDIATELY. IT CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO CONTINUE!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110865224814637476 https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110865185229848140
我认为骗子乔·拜登不仅愚蠢无能，而且相信他已经疯了，是一个彻头彻尾的疯子，他推行可怕的、威胁国家的环境、开放边境和司法部/联邦调查局武器化政策。他是一场精神灾难，正在把我们的国家引向地狱！骗子乔·拜登连两句话都说不出来，他通过开放边境灾难对我们曾经伟大的国家所做的一切，可能会成为美国历史上最大、最具破坏性的错误。这种无能和愚蠢的事情竟然被允许发生，简直令人难以置信。我们的国家正在被一个拥有一年级小学生的头脑、想法和智商的人摧毁。对我们国家的入侵必须立即停止。绝不能再继续下去！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110865224814637476 https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110865185229848140

We’re talking about a thing called the economy.
We’re doing this as an intellectual speech.
We literally are a third world nation, we literally are a third-world nation. We’re a banana republic in so many ways, and we’re not going to let that happen because we’re starting a free fall.
For nearly four years Kamala has crackled as the American economy has burned.
What happened to her laugh? I haven’t heard that laugh in about a week. That’s why they keep her off the stage, that’s why she has disappeared.
That’s the laugh of a crazy person, I will tell you. She’s crazy.
Kamabla.
Rape and murder, rape and beatings, rape and something else, and sometimes just immediate killing. These people are brutal. These are people that came out of the toughest jails anywhere in the world from all over the world, and we can’t take them.
Incompetent socialist lunatic.
—16 August 2024 per "Trump's North Carolina speech went predictably off the rails. Can he even spell 'economy'?", USA today
我们正在谈论一种叫做经济的东西。
我们这是在进行一场智识演讲。
我们确实是第三世界国家，我们确实是第三世界国家。在很多方面，我们都是香蕉共和国，我们不能让这种情况发生，因为我们正在开始自由落体。
近四年来，卡玛拉在美国经济陷入困境之际依然保持着活力。
她的笑声怎么了？我已经大约一个星期没听到她的笑声了。这就是为什么他们不让她上台，这就是为什么她消失了。
我告诉你，那是疯子的笑声。她疯了。
卡玛布拉。
强奸和谋杀，强奸和殴打，强奸和别的什么，有时甚至是立即杀人。这些人太残忍了。这些人是从世界各地最严酷的监狱里出来的，我们不能收留他们。
无能的社会主义疯子。
—2024年8月16日，《今日美国》报道：“特朗普在北卡罗来纳州的演讲不出所料地脱轨了。他连‘经济’这个词都拼得出来吗？”

She doesn’t like doing interviews. And she’s not knowledgeable about economy and various things, and I think it would be a problem. But you know what? [Biden] was pretty much gone. They said, 'Joe, it’s over. You're getting out.' And they put her in, and she somehow — a woman — somehow she's doing better than he did. But I can't imagine it can last.
—During an appearance on Fox News’ Gutfeld!, Donald Trump Just Made An Eyebrow-Raising Observation About Kamala Harris, Yahoo News (September 19, 2024)
她不喜欢接受采访，对经济之类的也不了解，我觉得这会是个问题。但你知道吗？[拜登]几乎已经走了。他们说，‘乔，这完了。你得下台了。’然后他们把她放了上来，不知怎么的——一个女人——她做得比他好。但我无法想象这种情况能持续下去。
——唐纳德·特朗普在福克斯新闻的《古特菲尔德！》节目中对卡玛拉·哈里斯发表了令人瞠目的评论，雅虎新闻（2024年9月19日）

Howard Kurtz: But when you said, you know, it's gone viral, they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. But why not say now, well, look, that turned out not to be true.
Trump: I don't know if it's true or not true.
Kurtz: You don't know if it's true or not true. It's been debunked by the officials.
Trump: What about the goose? The geese? They're all missing. It was one guy with two geese. I have no idea. I said something. The big problem is that you can't put 30,000 people into a 50,000-person town or city and expect this city to even survive or do well. What they've done to Springfield, Ohio, is very, very unfair. And I mean, there are a lot of stories. There are a lot of other stories that I've heard that are horrible stories... Don't don't, you know, blame me.
Kurtz: Well, I think it's been debunked by local officials.
Trump: I don't think it's been debunked at all. I think nobody talks about it except you.
If radical left lunatics disrupt the election, it should be very easily handled by — if necessary, by National Guard, or if really necessary, by the military.
—Interview with Fox New host Howard Kurtz in 'It's been debunked': Fox News host fact checks Trump to his face on Springfield Haitians RawStory (October 20, 2024) 
霍华德·库尔茨：但你说，你知道，他们吃狗，吃猫，这事儿在网上疯传。但现在为什么不说，嗯，你看，那事儿后来被证明不是真的呢？
特朗普：我不知道是真是假。
库尔茨：你也不知道是真是假。这事儿已经被官员们揭穿了。
特朗普：那只鹅呢？那些鹅？它们都不见了。之前是一个人带了两只鹅。我不知道。我说了些什么。最大的问题是，你不能把3万人塞进一个5万人的城镇，还指望这座城市能生存下去，甚至发展得好。他们对俄亥俄州斯普林菲尔德的所作所为非常非常不公平。我的意思是，有很多故事。我还听到过很多其他可怕的故事……别怪我。
库尔茨：嗯，我认为当地官员已经辟谣了。
特朗普：我认为根本没有辟谣。我觉得除了你之外没人谈论这件事。
如果激进左翼疯子扰乱选举，应该很容易处理——必要时，可以由国民警卫队出动，或者如果真的有必要，可以由军队出动。
——福克斯新闻主持人霍华德·库尔茨在《辟谣》节目中采访特朗普：福克斯新闻主持人在斯普林菲尔德海地人节目中当面核实特朗普的言论 RawStory（2024年10月20日）

In my case, I like to take a nice shower, take care of my beautiful hair.... I have to stand under the shower for 15 minutes until it gets wet. It comes out drip, drip, drip. It’s ridiculous.
—While signing an executive order repealing limits to the flow of water to bathroom showers, taken from ‘Make showers great again’: Why Trump’s fighting bathroom water pressure Al Jazeera (April 10, 2025)
就我而言，我喜欢舒舒服服地洗个澡，打理一下我美丽的秀发……我得在淋浴喷头下站15分钟，直到头发都湿透。水滴滴答答地流出来。真是荒唐。
——签署行政命令，废除浴室淋浴水流限制，摘自《让淋浴再次伟大》：特朗普为何要对抗浴室水压 半岛电视台（2025年4月10日）

Let our politicians give back our police department's power to keep us safe. Unshackle them from the constant chant of "police brutality" which every petty criminal hurls immediately at an officer who has just risked his or her life to save another's.
—"Bring Back the Death Penalty. Bring Back Our Police!" An advert taken out by Trump in the New York Daily News and other newspapers in the wake of the arrests of the Central Park Five (whose convictions were eventually vacated once the real perpetrator was identified in 2002) (May 1, 1989)
让我们的政客们把警察部门的权力交还给我们，让他们不再受制于“警察暴力”的谩骂，每个小偷小摸的罪犯都会立刻用这种口号攻击刚刚冒着生命危险拯救他人生命的警察。
——“恢复死刑！恢复我们的警察！”这是特朗普在中央公园五人案（2002年，真正的凶手被确认后，原判最终被撤销）被捕后在《纽约每日新闻》和其他报纸上刊登的广告（1989年5月1日）

You know, it doesn't really matter what the media writes as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass.
—Esquire Interview (1991)
你知道，只要你拥有年轻漂亮的臀部，媒体怎么写其实并不重要。
——《时尚先生》访谈（1991年）

So he could have come into the country, and they did it for social reasons they put it in! They did it for whatever reason. There are a lot of reasons you could have put an ad in. But he could have been born outside of this country. Why can't he produce a birth certificate and by the way, there is one story that his family doesn't even know what hospital he was born in!
—About Barack Obama's birth certificate. Fox & Friends, Fox News, 28 March 2011. "Fox Goes Birther: Trump Tells Unquestioning Co-hosts, "I'm Starting To Wonder...Whether Or Not [Obama] Was Born In This Country"", Media Matters for America, 28 March 2011, retrieved on 2011-03-30
所以他可能已经入境了，他们这么做是出于社会原因，所以才登了广告！他们这么做是出于各种原因。登广告有很多理由。但他可能出生在国外。为什么他不能提供出生证明？顺便说一句，据说他的家人甚至不知道他出生在哪家医院！
——关于巴拉克·奥巴马的出生证明。《福克斯与朋友们》，福克斯新闻，2011年3月28日。“福克斯问出生证明：特朗普对毫不怀疑的联合主持人说：“我开始怀疑……[奥巴马]是不是出生在这个国家””，《美国媒体事务》，2011年3月28日，检索于2011年3月30日

I use the media the way the media uses me—to attract attention. Once I have that attention, it's up to me to use it to my advantage.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 10
我利用媒体的方式，正如媒体利用我的方式——吸引注意力。一旦我获得了关注，我就可以充分利用它。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第10页

I manage to blast through the ridiculous liberal bias of the media and speak right to the hearts of the people - or at least I try.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 80
我设法突破媒体荒谬的自由主义偏见，直击民心——或者至少我尽力了。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第80页

The people of Crimea, from what I've heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were. And you have to look at that, also. Now, that was under -- just so you understand, that was done under Obama's administration. And as far as the Ukraine is concerned, it's a mess. And that's under the Obama's administration, with his strong ties to NATO. So with all of these strong ties to NATO, Ukraine is a mess. Crimea has been taken. Don't blame Donald Trump for that.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
据我所知，克里米亚人民宁愿与俄罗斯同在，也不愿回到他们原来的地方。你也得看看这一点。那可是在——你懂的，那是在奥巴马政府时期。就乌克兰而言，情况一团糟。而且是在奥巴马政府时期，他与北约关系密切。所以，尽管与北约关系密切，乌克兰却一团糟。克里米亚已经被拿下。别把这归咎于唐纳德·特朗普。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

And I want you all to know that we are fighting the fake news. It's fake, phony, fake. A few days ago I called the fake news the enemy of the people, and they are, they are the enemy of the people.
They shouldn't be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody's name. Let their name be put out there. Let their name be put out.
I love Sweden, great country, great people, I love Sweden. But they understand, the people over there understand I'm right. Take a look at what's happening in Sweden.
I have a friend, he's a very, very substantial guy. He loves the city of lights, he loves Paris. For years, every year during the summer, he would go to Paris, was automatic with his wife and his family. Hadn't seen him in a while and I said, Jim, let me ask you a question, how's Paris doing? "Paris? I don't go there anymore, Paris is no longer Paris."
—Trump speaking at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (24 February 2017)
我想让你们都知道，我们正在打击假新闻。它们全是假的，虚伪的，彻头彻尾的假。几天前，我把假新闻称为人民的敌人，而它们确实是，它们就是人民的敌人。
除非他们使用当事人的姓名，否则不应该允许他们使用消息来源。应该公开他们的名字。应该公开他们的名字。
我爱瑞典，伟大的国家，伟大的人民，我爱瑞典。但他们明白，那里的人们明白我是对的。看看瑞典正在发生的事情吧。
我有个朋友，他非常非常有钱。他热爱这座灯火通明的城市，热爱巴黎。多年来，每年夏天他都会去巴黎，和他的妻子家人一起去。有段时间没见他了，我说：“吉姆，我问你个问题，巴黎怎么样？” “巴黎？我再也不去了，巴黎已经不是巴黎了。”
—特朗普在年度保守派政治行动会议上的讲话（2017 年 2 月 24 日）

Look at the way I have been treated lately, especially by the media. No politician in history, and I say this with great surety, has been treated worse, or more unfairly.
—Trump being a critic of the media during his speech at the US Coast Guard Academy commencement ceremony (17 May 2017)
看看我最近受到的待遇，尤其是媒体的待遇。我可以肯定地说，历史上没有哪位政客受到过比他更糟糕、更不公平的对待。
——特朗普在美国海岸警卫队学院毕业典礼演讲中批评媒体（2017年5月17日）

Yes, I think there's blame on both sides, you look at, you look at both sides, I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, and you don't have any doubt about it either. And if you reported it accurately, you would say...[Reporter: The neo-Nazis started this thing. They showed up in Charlottesville. They... (Reporters crosstalk)] Excuse me. Excuse me. They didn't put themselves down as neo-Nazis. And you had some very bad people in that group. But you also had people that were very fine people, on both sides. You had people in that group — excuse me, excuse me — I saw the same pictures as you did. You had people in that group that were there to protest the taking down of, to them, a very, very important statue and the renaming of a park from Robert E. Lee to another name. [Reporters crosstalk] George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down — excuse me — are we going to take down, are we going to take down statues to George Washington? How about Thomas Jefferson? What do you think of Thomas Jefferson? You like him. Good. Are we going to take down his statue, because he was a major slave-owner? Are we going to take down his statue? So you know what, it's fine. You are changing history, you are changing culture. You had people — and I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists, because they should be condemned totally — but you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists, OK? And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly. Now, in the other group also, you had some fine people but you also had troublemakers and you see them come with the black outfits and with the helmets and with the baseball bats. You had a lot of bad people in the other group too.
The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement.
—Trump, again, casts blame on both sides for deadly violence in Virginia at a press briefing in Trump Tower, New York (15 August 2017)
是的，我认为双方都有责任，你看看，你看看双方，我认为双方都有责任，我对此毫不怀疑，你也毫不怀疑。如果你报道准确，你会说……[记者：新纳粹分子挑起了这件事。他们出现在夏洛茨维尔。他们……（记者交谈）] 对不起。对不起。他们并没有把自己归类为新纳粹分子。这个群体里有一些非常坏的人。但双方也有一些非常好的人。那个群体里有人——对不起，对不起——我和你看到了同样的照片。那个群体里有人在那里抗议拆除对他们来说非常非常重要的雕像，以及将公园从罗伯特·李将军的名字改成另一个名字。[记者交谈] 乔治·华盛顿是一位奴隶主。乔治·华盛顿是奴隶主吗？那么乔治·华盛顿现在会失去他的地位吗？我们要拆掉——不好意思——我们要拆掉，我们要拆掉乔治·华盛顿的雕像吗？托马斯·杰斐逊呢？你觉得托马斯·杰斐逊怎么样？你喜欢他。很好。我们要拆掉他的雕像吗？因为他是个大奴隶主？我们要拆掉他的雕像吗？所以你知道吗，这没问题。你们正在改变历史，你们正在改变文化。你们当中有人——我不是在说新纳粹分子和白人民族主义者，因为他们应该受到彻底的谴责——但除了新纳粹分子和白人民族主义者之外，你们这个群体里还有很多人，明白吗？媒体对他们非常不公平。现在，在另一群人中，也有一些好人，但也有一些麻烦制造者，你看到他们穿着黑色制服，戴着头盔，拿着棒球棒。另一群人中也有很多坏人。
我周六发表的声明，第一份声明，是一份很好的声明。
— 特朗普在纽约特朗普大厦举行的新闻发布会上再次将弗吉尼亚州致命暴力事件的责任归咎于双方（2017 年 8 月 15 日）

The media is — really, the word, I think one of the greatest of all terms I've come up with is "fake". I guess other people have used it, perhaps, over the years, but I've never noticed it.
—Daniel Dale (8 October 2017), "Donald Trump defends paper towels in Puerto Rico, says Stephen Paddock was ‘probably smart' in bizarre TV interview: Analysis", TheStar.com
媒体——真的，我觉得我所有能想到的最棒的词之一就是“假”。我想这些年来其他人或许也用过这个词，但我从来没注意到。
——丹尼尔·戴尔（2017年10月8日），“唐纳德·特朗普在波多黎各为纸巾辩护，称斯蒂芬·帕多克在一次离奇的电视采访中‘可能很聪明’：分析”，TheStar.com

Reliance on a single foreign supplier can leave nations vulnerable to extortion and intimidation and that is why we congratulate European states such as Poland for leading construction of a Baltic pipeline so that nations are not dependent on Russia to meet their energy needs. Germany will become totally dependent on Russian energy if it does not immediately change course.
—Address to the UN General Assembly, quoted in Reuters Staff (25 September 2018), "At U.N., Trump hails Poland, slams Germany over Russian energy reliance", Reuters
依赖单一外国供应商可能会使各国容易遭受勒索和恐吓，因此我们祝贺波兰等欧洲国家牵头建设波罗的海输油管道，使各国不再依赖俄罗斯来满足其能源需求。如果德国不立即改变路线，它将完全依赖俄罗斯能源。
——联合国大会讲话，引自路透社工作人员（2018年9月25日），“特朗普在联合国称赞波兰，抨击德国对俄罗斯能源的依赖”，路透社

We stand with the Venezuelan people in their noble quest for freedom—and we condemn the brutality of the Maduro regime, whose socialist policies have turned that nation from being the wealthiest in South America into a state of abject poverty and despair
—"The Media Myth of ‘Once Prosperous’ and Democratic Venezuela Before Chávez" (February 6, 2019)
我们与委内瑞拉人民站在一起，支持他们追求自由的崇高事业——我们谴责马杜罗政权的残暴行径，该政权的社会主义政策使委内瑞拉从南美洲最富有的国家沦为赤贫和绝望的国家。
——“媒体对查韦斯之前委内瑞拉‘曾经繁荣’和民主的迷思”（2019年2月6日）

I never understood wind. I know windmills very much, I have studied it better than anybody. I know it is very expensive. They are made in China and Germany mostly, very few made here, almost none, but they are manufactured, tremendous—if you are into this—tremendous fumes and gases are spewing into the atmosphere. You know we have a world, right?
So the world is tiny compared to the universe. So tremendous, tremendous amount of fumes and everything. You talk about the carbon footprint, fumes are spewing into the air, right spewing, whether it is China or Germany, is going into the air.
You see all those [windmills]. They’re all different shades of color. They’re like sort of white, but one is like an orange-white. It’s my favorite color, orange.
—Turning Point USA conference, 2019-12-21, quoted in Connor Mannion (22 December 2019), "Trump Attacks Windmills in Speech to Conservative Group: ‘I Never Understood Wind’", Mediaite
我从来不懂风。我很了解风车，我比任何人都更了解它。我知道风车很贵。它们大多在中国和德国制造，美国制造的很少，几乎没有，但它们的产量巨大——如果你感兴趣的话——大量的烟雾和气体正喷涌到大气中。你知道我们有一个世界，对吧？
所以，与宇宙相比，世界很小。烟雾和各种物质的数量如此巨大。你说的碳足迹，烟雾正喷涌到空气中，没错，无论是中国还是德国，都在喷涌到空气中。
你看那些[风车]。它们的颜色各不相同。它们有点像白色，但其中一个是橙白色。那是我最喜欢的颜色，橙色。
—Turning Point USA 会议，2019 年 12 月 21 日，转述自 Connor Mannion（2019 年 12 月 22 日），“特朗普在对保守派团体的演讲中攻击风车：‘我从来不懂风’”，Mediaite

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All I can say is that the fake news just doesn't get it, do they? They don't get it. [inaudible 00:02:54] They just don't get it. Hello Charleston, and I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of South Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in faith, family, God, and country. Thank you. It's a phenomenal crowd, only topped by the number of people outside that didn't get in. If anybody would like to give up where you're standing or your seat, please raise your hand. All right. Then let's begin, right? Thank you all very much though. This is great. No, they don't get it. Down the road, they have a rally for one of the people that are going to be running tomorrow. They're trying to get to a hundred, but they're not going to make it. So I think they're going to set up a round table. Well, that's what they do. So people want to go to a rally, they end up sitting at a round table talking about their definition of impeachment. Crazy.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
谢谢。谢谢。谢谢。我只能说，假新闻根本不懂，对吧？他们不懂。[听不清 00:02:54] 他们就是不懂。你好，查尔斯顿，我很高兴回到伟大的南卡罗来纳州，和成千上万辛勤工作的美国爱国者在一起，他们信仰信仰、家庭、上帝和国家。谢谢。现场观众非常多，只有外面没进场的人数更多。如果有人想放弃你现在站着的位置或座位，请举手。好的。那我们开始吧？非常感谢大家。这很棒。不，他们不懂。在路的尽头，他们为明天要参选的一位候选人举行了集会。他们想达到一百人，但不会成功。所以我认为他们会安排一个圆桌会议。嗯，这就是他们的做法。所以人们本来想去参加集会，结果却围坐在圆桌旁，讨论他们对弹劾的定义。简直疯了。
——唐纳德·特朗普，南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020年2月28日）

And it's made... He said, "It's garbage." Only in South Carolina can you say that. Only in South Carolina. You're going to get us in trouble. No, I'm just repeating what he said for the fake news. No, but seriously the Academy Awards has gone way, way down in ratings. Do you know why? Because they started attacking us and we don't believe in it anymore. That's why. No, but they had the best movie of the year made in South Korea. They make enough stuff for us, right? And they're good. They're our friends. Take advantage of us, that's okay. Not so much anymore. We are really, you take a look, magnificently organized with the best professionals in the world. We're prepared for the absolute worst. You have to be prepared for the worst, but hopefully it will all amount to very little. That's why I tell you when we have the flu with 35,000 people and this one we have to take it very, very seriously. That's what we're doing. We are preparing for the worst.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
而且它……他说：“简直是垃圾。”只有在南卡罗来纳州你才能这么说。只有在南卡罗来纳州。你会给我们惹上麻烦的。不，我只是重复他关于假新闻的说法。不，但说真的，奥斯卡金像奖的收视率已经直线下降。你知道为什么吗？因为他们开始攻击我们，我们再也不相信它了。这就是原因。不，但他们今年的最佳影片是在韩国制作的。他们为我们制作的东西已经足够多了，对吧？而且他们很棒。他们是我们的朋友。利用我们，没关系。现在很少了。你看，我们真的组织得非常好，拥有世界上最优秀的专业人员。我们已经做好了最坏的打算。你必须为最坏的情况做好准备，但希望这一切都不会造成太大的影响。这就是为什么我告诉你，当我们有3.5万人感染流感时，我们必须非常非常认真地对待它。这就是我们正在做的。我们正在为最坏的情况做准备。
——唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020年2月28日）

We had a great event yesterday, an event that was so beautiful, young African American leaders. One of the things I asked them, and I’ve been thinking about this for a long time… And great people, great people. Some of them are here tonight. Do you like the name African American or Black? And they said, “Black!” all at the same time. No, true. I tell you. Because you say, “African American or Black?” And they said almost immediately, “Black.” But we had an incredible group of people and what happened is NBC… It was such a love fest. It was so incredible. It went on for 45 minutes. It was a love fest. It was incredible. NBC turned down… There they are right there. They turned down… Comcast, which owns NBC… Actually NBC, I think, we call it MSDNC, right? MSDNC. But NBC I think is worse than CNN. I actually do. And Comcast, a company that spends millions and millions of dollars on their image… I’ll do everything possible to destroy their image because they are terrible. They are terrible. They’re a terrible group of people. And they paid me a fortune for years for the Apprentice. They paid me a fortune. And when I left the show, it was doing great. When I left the show, 14 seasons, think of that, they got a big movie star. I won’t tell you his name. Nobody would know. Actually nobody will know his name because he was on for such a short period of time. But the show went down the tubes very quickly after they had Trump. But the country in five years from now, of course you want to upset them, five years or nine years or 13 years. Or 18 years! 10 more years. Nah. Oh, they go crazy when you say it. When you say to them five more years, so it’s five, but you then say maybe nine, maybe 13, maybe 17, maybe 21, or not, maybe 21. Let’s do this. Let’s term limit ourselves at 25 years. No more than 25 years. No more. Okay. They’ll pass something in the Senate. Tim, pass it in the Senate with Lindsey, a 25 year term limit please.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
昨天我们举办了一场精彩的活动，一场非常美好的活动，邀请了年轻的非裔美国领袖。我问了他们一个问题，这个问题我已经思考了很久了……他们都是很棒的人，很棒的人。他们中的一些人今晚也在这里。你喜欢非裔美国人还是黑人这个名字？他们异口同声地说：“黑人！”不，没错。我告诉你。因为你问“非裔美国人还是黑人？”他们几乎立刻就说：“黑人。”但我们有一群了不起的人，而发生的事情是NBC……这是一场充满爱的盛宴。太不可思议了。它持续了45分钟。这是一场充满爱的盛宴。太不可思议了。NBC拒绝了……他们就在那里。他们拒绝了……拥有NBC的康卡斯特……实际上NBC，我想，我们称之为MSDNC，对吧？MSDNC。但我认为NBC比CNN更糟糕。我真的这么认为。康卡斯特，一家花费数百万美元打造自身形象的公司……我会尽一切可能摧毁他们的形象，因为他们太糟糕了。他们太糟糕了。他们是一群糟糕的人。多年来，他们为《学徒》付给我一大笔钱。他们付给我一大笔钱。当我离开时，节目做得很好。我离开的时候，节目已经播出了14季，想想看，他们请了一位大牌电影明星。我不会告诉你他的名字。没人会知道。实际上，没人会知道他的名字，因为他只播出了很短的时间。但是自从特朗普上任后，节目很快就失败了。但是五年后，你当然想让他们不高兴，五年、九年、十三年。或者十八年！再过十年。不。哦，你这么说他们就疯了。当你对他们说再干五年，那就五年，但你又说可能是九年，可能是十三年，可能是十七年，可能是二十一年，或者不，可能是二十一年。我们这样吧。让我们把任期限制在25年。不超过25年。不能再多了。好的。他们会在参议院通过一些法案的。蒂姆，请和林赛一起在参议院通过，把任期限制定为25年。
——唐纳德·特朗普，南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020年2月28日）

They're trying to scare everybody, from meetings, cancel the meetings, close the schools—you know, destroy the country. And that's okay, as long as we can win the election.
—Fundraiser, Mar-a-Lago, quoted in Daniel Chaitin (15 March 2020), "Trump says media 'scare' coverage of coronavirus response OK 'as long as we can win the election': Report", Washington Examiner
他们试图吓唬所有人，不开会，取消会议，关闭学校——你知道，就是摧毁这个国家。这没关系，只要我们能赢得选举就行。
——筹款人，海湖庄园，引自丹尼尔·柴廷（2020年3月15日），《华盛顿观察家报》：“特朗普称媒体对新冠病毒应对措施的‘恐吓’报道没问题，‘只要我们能赢得选举’：报道”

Peter Alexander: What do you say to Americans who are scared though? I guess, nearly 200 dead, 14,000 who are sick, millions, as you witnessed, who are scared right now? What do you say to Americans who are watching you right now who are scared?
Donald Trump: I say that you're a terrible reporter, that's what I say. I think that's a very nasty question.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-03-20, quoted in Adam Edelman (20 March 2020), "Trump launches into tirade against media, insults NBC reporter at coronavirus briefing", NBC News
彼得·亚历山大：那么，你想对那些感到恐惧的美国人说些什么呢？我想，正如你所见证的，现在有近200人死亡，1.4万人感染，数百万人感到恐惧。你想对那些正在关注你的、感到恐惧的美国人说些什么呢？
唐纳德·特朗普：我说你是个糟糕的记者，我就是这么说的。我觉得这个问题问得很糟糕。
——冠状病毒工作组新闻发布会，2020年3月20日，转引自亚当·埃德尔曼（2020年3月20日），“特朗普在冠状病毒发布会上对媒体发起猛烈抨击，侮辱NBC记者”，NBC新闻

What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, & then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, & the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time & effort!
—Tweet, as quoted by Lauren Aratani (26 April 2020), "Trump says briefings 'not worth the effort' amid fallout from disinfectant comments", The Guardian
当蹩脚的主流媒体只问充满敌意的问题，并且拒绝准确报道真相或事实时，白宫新闻发布会还有什么意义呢？他们获得了创纪录的收视率，而美国人民却只收到假新闻。不值得花费时间和精力！
——推特，引自劳伦·阿拉塔尼（2020年4月26日），“特朗普称，在消毒剂言论余波的影响下，简报会‘不值得’”，《卫报》

Imagine if your local phone companies tried to edit or censor what you said. Social media companies have far more power.
—Chris Cillizza (28 May 2020), "Donald Trump just used a ridiculous comparison to justify his social media crackdown", CNN
想象一下，如果你当地的电话公司试图编辑或审查你的言论，会是什么情况。社交媒体公司的权力要大得多。
——克里斯·西利扎（2020年5月28日），“唐纳德·特朗普只是用一个荒谬的比喻来为他的社交媒体打压辩护”，CNN

Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!
—through twitter on October 1, 2020
今晚，@FLOTUS 和我新冠病毒检测呈阳性。我们将立即开始隔离和康复程序。我们一定会一起渡过难关！
——2020年10月1日通过推特

If I didn’t have social media, I’d have no way of getting out my voice.
—Martin Melam (26 October 2020), "CBS releases footage of Trump walking out of 60 Minutes interview", The Guardian
如果没有社交媒体，我就无法发出自己的声音。
——马丁·梅拉姆（2020年10月26日），“哥伦比亚广播公司公布特朗普退出《60分钟》采访的视频”，《卫报》

COVID COVID COVID.. we are rounding the turn all they want to talk about is COVID by the way on Nov 4 you won't be hearing much more about it..Cases are up because we TEST TEST TEST
—During election campaign in Allentown Trump calls U.S. coronavirus case spike a media ‘conspiracy’ video
COVID COVID COVID……我们正在经历转折点，他们只想谈论COVID，顺便说一句，11月4日你不会听到太多关于它的消息……病例增加是因为我们测试测试测试
——在阿伦敦竞选期间，特朗普称美国冠状病毒病例激增是媒体的“阴谋”视频

FoxNews and the Fake News Networks aren’t showing these massive gatherings. Instead they have their reporters standing in almost empty streets. We now have SUPPRESSION BY THE PRESS
—14 November 2020
福克斯新闻和假新闻网络没有报道这些大规模集会。相反，他们的记者站在几乎空无一人的街道上。我们现在面临着媒体的压制。
——2020年11月14日

The vaccine will be available to the entire general population with the exception of places like New York state where for political reasons the governor decided to say — and I don’t think it’s good politically, I think it’s very bad from a health standpoint — but he wants to take his time with a vaccine. We can’t be delivering it to a state that won’t be giving it to its people immediately.
—Quoted by Hope Yen, Laura Neergard, Candice Choi (30 November 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump distorts on vaccine, state distribution", AP
疫苗将面向所有普通民众，但纽约州等地除外。纽约州州长出于政治原因表示——我认为这在政治上不利，但从健康角度来看非常糟糕——他希望疫苗研发能够循序渐进。我们不能把疫苗送到一个不愿立即为民众接种的州。
——Hope Yen、Laura Neergard、Candice Choi（2020年11月30日）引用，“美联社事实核查：特朗普在疫苗及州分配问题上歪曲事实”，美联社

Big Tech and the Fake News Media have partnered to Suppress. Freedom of the Press is gone, a thing of the past. That’s why they refuse to report the real facts and figures of the 2020 Election...
—Tweet posted November 27, 2020 which Twitter tagged with "This claim about election fraud is disputed"
大型科技公司和假新闻媒体联手压制。新闻自由已不复存在，成为过去。正因如此，他们拒绝报道2020年大选的真实事实和数据……
——2020年11月27日发布的推文，推特标签为“关于选举舞弊的说法存在争议”

We don't have freedom of the press in this country, we have suppression of the press
—In a phone interview with Maria Bartiromo on Fox News November 29, 2020
我们这个国家没有新闻自由，我们有的只是对新闻的压制
——2020年11月29日，玛丽亚·巴蒂罗莫接受福克斯新闻电话采访

Wonderful to see Colin Powell, who made big mistakes on Iraq and famously, so-called weapons of mass destruction, be treated in death so beautifully by the Fake News Media. Hope that happens to me someday. He was a classic RINO, if even that, always being the first to attack other Republicans. He made plenty of mistakes, but anyway, may he rest in peace!
—Chris Cillizza (October 19, 2021). "Donald Trump (yet again) proves there's no bottom". cnn.com. Retrieved on October 19, 2021.
很高兴看到科林·鲍威尔在伊拉克问题以及所谓的大规模杀伤性武器问题上犯下重大错误，却在假新闻媒体的报道下被如此优雅地对待。希望有一天我也能如此。他是个典型的共和党内反派（RINO），即使如此，他总是第一个攻击其他共和党人。他犯了很多错误，但无论如何，愿他安息！
——克里斯·西利扎（2021年10月19日）。“唐纳德·特朗普（再次）证明，没有底线”。cnn.com。2021年10月19日检索

Happy Easter to all including the Radical Left Maniacs who are trying everything to destroy our country May they not succeed, but let them, nevertheless, be happy, healthy, wealthy and well!
Yahoo!
He went out of his way to deceptively edit an interview and got caught. That is a big story, isn’t it?
—Donald Trump, mediaite
祝所有人复活节快乐，包括那些想尽一切办法摧毁我们国家的极左翼疯子。愿他们不会得逞，但愿他们幸福、健康、富有、安康！
雅虎！
他特意以欺骗手段编辑了一段采访，结果被抓了。这可是个大新闻，不是吗？
——唐纳德·特朗普，媒体

Merry Christmas to EVERYONE, including the Radical Left Marxists that are trying to destroy our Country, the Federal Bureau of Investigation that is illegally coercing & paying Social and LameStream Media to push for a mentally disabled Democrat over the Brilliant, Clairvoyant, and USA LOVING Donald J. Trump, and, of course, the Department of Injustice, which appointed a Special "Prosecutor", who, together with his wife and family, HATES "Trump" more than any other person on Earth.
I had almost nothing to do with January 6th.
—"Donald Trump's 'Merry Christmas' Message Is A Grievance-Filled Lump Of Coal", Yahoo News, 25 December 2022
祝大家圣诞快乐，包括那些试图摧毁我们国家的激进左翼马克思主义者；包括那些非法胁迫和收买社交媒体和蹩脚主流媒体，让他们支持一位精神残疾的民主党人，而不是才华横溢、洞察力超强、热爱美国的唐纳德·J·特朗普的联邦调查局；当然，还有那些任命了一位特别“检察官”的不公正部门，这位检察官和他的妻子及家人比地球上任何其他人都更憎恨“特朗普”。
我几乎与1月6日无关。
——“唐纳德·特朗普的‘圣诞快乐’信息是一块充满怨恨的煤块”，雅虎新闻，2022年12月25日

We will immediately stop all of the pillaging and theft. Very simply: If you rob a store, you can fully expect to be shot as you are leaving that store... Shot! The word that they shoot you will get out within minutes and our nation, in one day, will be an entirely different place. There must be retribution for theft and destruction and the ruination of our country
—2 October 2023 in NY Post
我们将立即停止一切抢劫和盗窃行为。很简单：如果你抢劫商店，你完全可以预料到在离开商店时会被枪杀……枪毙！他们枪杀你的消息几分钟内就会传出去，我们的国家一天之内就会变成一个完全不同的世界。盗窃、破坏和毁掉我们国家的行为必须得到惩罚。
——2023年10月2日，《纽约邮报》

There's a lot of good and there's a lot of bad with TikTok, but the thing I don't like is that without TikTok, you're going to make Facebook bigger, and I consider Facebook to be an enemy of the people, along with a lot of the media. I'm not looking to make Facebook double the size. I think Facebook has been very bad for our country.
—11 March 2024 per CBS article by Jacob Rosen
TikTok 有好有坏，但我不喜欢的是，没有 TikTok，Facebook 就会变得更大，而我认为 Facebook 和许多媒体一样，都是人民的敌人。我并不想让 Facebook 的规模扩大一倍。我认为 Facebook 对我们国家非常不利。
——2024 年 3 月 11 日，据雅各布·罗森在哥伦比亚广播公司 (CBS) 的文章

We have a new victim now, Kamala. A brand new victim, and honestly she’s a radical left lunatic. When you find out about her, all I have to say is defund the police,Three months ago, she was thought of so badly, [the media] were just killing her. And now they’re trying to make her into a, let’s say, Margaret Thatcher. I don’t think so. It’s not going to happen. Margaret Thatcher didn’t laugh like that. Did she?
—27 July 2024 in Politico article by Myah Ward
我们现在有了一个新的受害者，卡玛拉。一个全新的受害者，说实话，她是个激进左翼疯子。等你发现她的事儿，我只想说，撤资警察吧。三个月前，她被人看得一塌糊涂，[媒体]简直要把她坑死了。现在他们又想把她塑造成，比如说，玛格丽特·撒切尔。我不这么认为。这根本不可能发生。玛格丽特·撒切尔可没笑得那么开心。对吧？
——2024年7月27日，迈亚·沃德在《政治报》上发表文章

A ticket that would want this country to go communist immediately, if not sooner.
We’re gonna be living like dogs. Our whole country, our whole system, is gonna collapse.
—7 August 2024 about Tim Walz, cited in "Trump, on the selection of Walz: 'A ticket that would want this country to go communist immediately, if not sooner'", Voz (August 7, 2024)
这份选票会希望这个国家立即走向共产主义，甚至更早。
我们将会像狗一样生活。我们整个国家，我们的整个体制，都将崩溃。
——2024年8月7日，关于蒂姆·沃尔兹，引自《特朗普谈选择沃尔兹：‘这份选票会希望这个国家立即走向共产主义，甚至更早’》，《Voz》（2024年8月7日）

You know, I do the weave. You know what the weave is? I’ll talk about like nine different things, and they all come back brilliantly together and it’s like, and friends of mine that are, like, English professors, they say, ‘It’s the most brilliant thing I’ve ever seen.’ But the fake news, you know what they say? ‘He rambled.’
—"Critics Call Hilarious BS On Donald Trump's New Brag About His Speeches", Yahoo News / Huffington Post (September 2, 2024)
你知道，我会编造故事。你知道我编造的是什么吗？我会谈论九个不同的话题，它们最终都精彩地融合在一起。我那些当英语教授的朋友会说，‘这是我见过的最精彩的演讲。’但假新闻，你知道他们会怎么说吗？‘他胡言乱语。’
——“批评人士称唐纳德·特朗普关于其演讲的新吹嘘是滑稽的胡说八道”，雅虎新闻/赫芬顿邮报（2024年9月2日）

4. Media and Public Image
4.媒体和公众形象

"Give them the old Trump bullshit," he told the architect Der Scutt before a presentation of the Trump Tower design at a press conference in 1980. "Tell them it is going to be a million square feet, sixty-eight stories."
—Marie Brenner "After the Gold Rush", Vanity Fair (September 1, 1990)
“跟他们讲讲特朗普的老一套，”1980年，在特朗普大厦设计方案发布会上，他对建筑师德·斯库特（Der Scutt）说。“告诉他们，这栋楼将有100万平方英尺（约30万平方米），68层楼。”
——玛丽·布伦纳，《淘金热之后》，《名利场》（1990年9月1日）

Actresses, people that you write about just call to see if they can go out with him and things.
I mean, he's living with Marla and he's got three other girlfriends.
He does things for himself. When he makes a decision, that will be a very lucky woman.
—Speaking about himself under the pseudonym of John Miller in a 1991 interview with a People reporter, Donald Trump masqueraded as publicist to brag about himself, Washington Post
女演员，你写到的那些人，只是打电话问问能不能和他出去玩什么的。
我是说，他和玛拉同居，还有另外三个女朋友。
他做事独立自主。等他做出决定的时候，那个女人会非常幸运。
——1991年，唐纳德·特朗普在接受《人物》杂志记者采访时，以约翰·米勒的笔名谈论自己，伪装成公关人员吹嘘自己，《华盛顿邮报》

No, I've never really changed. Nothing's changed my mind. And by the way, you know, you have a huge group of people — I walk down the street, and people are screaming, "Please don't give that up." A lot of people are questioning his birth certificate. They're questioning the authenticity of his birth certificate. I've been known as being a very smart guy for a long time. I don't consider myself birther or not birther, but there are some major questions here and the press doesn't wanna cover it. The press just refuses to cover it. Now if that were somebody else, they would be covering it, and they'd be throwing people out of office. But they don't want to cover it. So it's interesting.
—Telephone interview, CNBC, 29 May 2012, quoted in Melissa Jeltsen (29 May 2012), "Donald Trump Goes On Epic Birther Rant", The Huffington Post
不，我从未真正改变过。什么也没改变我的想法。顺便说一句，你知道，有一大群人——我走在街上，人们都在尖叫：“请不要放弃。” 很多人都在质疑他的出生证明。他们质疑他出生证明的真实性。我一直以聪明著称。我不认为自己是出生地问题支持者，也不认为自己不是出生地问题支持者，但这里有一些重要问题，媒体不想报道。媒体就是拒绝报道。如果是别人，他们会报道，会把人赶下台。但他们不想报道。所以这很有意思。
——电话采访，CNBC，2012年5月29日，转引自梅丽莎·杰尔森（2012年5月29日），《唐纳德·特朗普继续对出生地问题进行史诗般的咆哮》，《赫芬顿邮报》

You ever see guys with nothing on their desk? They always fail. I don't know what it is. I've seen it for years.
—Explaining his messy desk, The New York Times Magazine interview. Mark Leibovich (21 September 2015), "Donald Trump is not going anywhere", The New York Times Magazine
你见过办公桌上空空如也的人吗？他们总是失败。我不知道这是什么原因，但我已经见怪不怪很多年了。
——解释他凌乱的办公桌，《纽约时报杂志》采访。马克·莱博维奇（2015年9月21日），“唐纳德·特朗普哪儿也不去”，《纽约时报杂志》

I've seen these so-called journalists flat-out lie. I say that because incompetence doesn't begin to explain the inaccurate stories they have written.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 12
我见过这些所谓的记者彻头彻尾地撒谎。我之所以这么说，是因为无能不足以解释他们所写的那些不实报道。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第12页

He's a Mexican. We're building a wall between here and Mexico.
—About American judge Gonzalo Curiel (3 June 2016), as quoted in Nina Totenberg (4 June 2016), "Trump Presses Case That 'Mexican' Judge Curiel Is Biased Against Him", National Public Radio
他是墨西哥人。我们正在这里和墨西哥之间筑起一堵墙。
——关于美国法官贡萨洛·库里尔（2016年6月3日），引自尼娜·托滕伯格（2016年6月4日）的报道，“特朗普坚持认为‘墨西哥’法官库里尔对他有偏见”，美国国家公共广播电台

It's a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation. It's an assault on the ability of free people to live their lives, love who they want, and express their identity. It's an attack on the right of every single American to live in peace and safety in their own country.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
这是对我们国家核心和灵魂的打击。这是对自由人民自由生活、爱自己想爱的人以及表达自我身份认同的侵犯。这是对每一位美国人在自己国家和平安全地生活的权利的攻击。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues to support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists to our country and who suppress women, gays and anyone who doesn't share their views or values.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
只要希拉里·克林顿继续支持那些将伊斯兰极端分子引入美国、压制女性、同性恋以及任何与他们观点或价值观不同的人的移民政策，她就永远无法自称是同性恋群体的朋友。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.
—Press conference, reported in Ashley Parker and David E. Sanger, "Donald Trump Calls on Russia to Find Hillary Clinton's Missing Emails, The New York Times (July 27, 2016).
俄罗斯，如果你在听，我希望你能找到那3万封失踪的邮件。我想你很可能会得到我们媒体的丰厚回报。
——新闻发布会报道，载于Ashley Parker和David E. Sanger合著的《唐纳德·特朗普呼吁俄罗斯寻找希拉里·克林顿失踪的邮件》，《纽约时报》（2016年7月27日）

The things that were said about me. … You know what, I wanted to hit a couple of those speakers so hard. ... I was gonna hit one guy in particular, a very little guy. I was gonna hit this guy so hard, his head would spin. He wouldn't know what the hell happened.
—Press conference, reported in Jacob Bogage, "‘I wanted to hit a couple of those speakers so hard', Trump says of Democratic convention", The Washington Post (July 29, 2016).
那些关于我的言论……你知道吗，我当时真想狠狠地揍几个演讲者……我当时特别想揍一个人，一个个子很小的家伙。我当时真想狠狠地揍他一顿，让他头晕目眩。他根本不知道发生了什么事。
——新闻发布会，雅各布·博加奇报道，“‘我真想狠狠地揍几个演讲者’，特朗普谈及民主党全国代表大会”，《华盛顿邮报》（2016年7月29日）

She [Clinton] walks in front of me, she walks in front of me, you know. And when she walked in front of me, believe me I wasn't impressed.
Believe me: She [one of the women accusing him of sexual assault] would not be my first choice, that I can tell you.
—Reporters at The New York Times are not journalists. They're corporate lobbyists for Carlos Slim and Hillary Clinton. at a rally in Greensboro, N.C. Also quoted in Donald Trump's Barrage of Heated Rhetoric Has Little Precedent (October 14, 2016)
她（克林顿）走在我前面，她走在我前面，你知道的。当她走在我前面时，相信我，我并没有留下什么印象。
相信我：她（指控他性侵的女性之一）不会是我的第一选择，我可以告诉你。
——《纽约时报》的记者根本不是记者。他们是卡洛斯·斯利姆和希拉里·克林顿的企业说客。在北卡罗来纳州格林斯伯勒的一次集会上。此言亦引自《唐纳德·特朗普的激烈言辞几乎没有先例》（2016年10月14日）

I think I'm a sober person. I think the press tries to make you into something a little bit different. In my case, a little bit of a wild man, I'm not, I'm actually not. I'm a very sober person.
—During an interview on 60 Minutes (11 November 2016)
我认为我是一个清醒的人。我觉得媒体总是试图把你塑造成一个有点不同的人。就我而言，我是一个有点狂野的人，但我不是，真的不是。我是一个非常清醒的人。
——接受《60分钟》采访时（2016年11月11日）

Reporter: Would a reasonable observer say that you are potentially vulnerable to blackmail by Russia or by its intelligence agencies?
Trump: Lemme just tell you what I do. When I leave our country, I'm a very high-profile person, would you say? I am extremely careful. I'm surrounded by bodyguards. I'm surrounded by people. And I always tell them—anywhere, but I always tell them if I'm leaving this country, "Be very careful, because in your hotel rooms and no matter where you go, you're gonna probably have cameras." I'm not referring just to Russia, but I would certainly put them in that category. And number one, "I hope you're gonna be good anyway. But in those rooms, you have cameras in the strangest places. Cameras that are so small with modern technology, you can't see them and you won't know. You better be careful, or you'll be watching yourself on nightly television." I tell this to people all the time. I was in Russia years ago, with the Miss Universe contest, which did very well—Moscow, the Moscow area did very, very well. And I told many people, "Be careful, because you don't wanna see yourself on television. Cameras all over the place."
And again, not just Russia, all over. Does anyone really believe that story? I'm also very much of a germaphobe, by the way, believe me.
—Donald Trump Press Conference at Trump Tower (11 January 2017)
记者：一个理性的观察者会认为你容易受到俄罗斯或其情报机构的勒索吗？
特朗普：让我告诉你我是怎么做的。我离开美国的时候，是个非常高调的人，你觉得呢？我非常小心。我身边有保镖。我周围都是人。我总是告诉他们——无论去哪里，但如果我要离开这个国家，我总是会告诉他们：“要非常小心，因为在你的酒店房间里，无论你去哪里，你都可能有摄像头。” 我指的不仅仅是俄罗斯，但我肯定会把他们归为一类。首先，“我希望你无论如何都会表现好。但在那些房间里，你会在最奇怪的地方安装摄像头。这些摄像头非常小，用现代技术你看不到，也不知道。你最好小心点，否则你会在晚间电视节目中看到自己。” 我总是这样跟别人说。几年前我去俄罗斯参加环球小姐大赛，结果非常成功——莫斯科，莫斯科地区也非常非常成功。我跟很多人说：“小心点，因为你们不想在电视上看到自己。到处都是摄像头。”
再说一次，不只是俄罗斯，而是全国各地。真的有人相信这个故事吗？顺便说一句，我也有严重的洁癖，相信我。
——唐纳德·特朗普在特朗普大厦的新闻发布会（2017年1月11日）

I looked out, the field was, looked like million, million and a half people. They showed a field where there was practically nobody standing there. And they said, "Donald Trump did not draw well." I said, "It was almost raining!" The rain should've scared them away but God looked down and said we're not going to let it rain on your speech.
—Trump speaking at the CIA Headquarters about his inauguration crowd and the press coverage, FOX 10 Phoenix (21 January 2017)
我向外望去，场地上挤满了人，看起来就像一百万、一百五十万人。他们展示了一片几乎没有人站立的场地。他们说：“唐纳德·特朗普画得不好。” 我说：“差点就下雨了！” 雨应该把他们吓跑，但上帝垂怜，说我们不会让它影响你的演讲。
——特朗普在中央情报局总部谈及就职典礼人群和媒体报道，FOX 10 凤凰城（2017年1月21日）

It's gotten to a point where it's not even being reported, and in many cases the very, very dishonest press doesn't want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that.
—Trump on the reporting of terrorist attacks during a speech given at MacDill Air Force Base (6 February 2017)
事情已经发展到无人报道的地步，很多情况下，那些极其不诚实的媒体根本不想报道。他们有自己的理由，你懂的。
——特朗普在麦克迪尔空军基地发表演讲，谈及恐怖袭击报道问题（2017年2月6日）

I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job.
..
I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off.
..
I'm not under investigation.
—Part of Trump's conversation with Russian officials invited to the White House, according to the official account of the meeting (10 May 2017)
我刚刚解雇了联邦调查局局长。他疯了，简直是个疯子。
……
我因为俄罗斯承受了巨大的压力。现在一切都过去了。
……
我没有受到调查。
——根据官方记录，特朗普与受邀到白宫的俄罗斯官员的部分谈话内容（2017年5月10日）

Have you heard that expression used before? Because I haven't heard it. I mean, I just... I came up with it a couple of days ago and I thought it was good. It's what you have to do.
—Trump claiming to have invented the term "prime the pump" in the context of economic stimulus during an interview published in The Economist (11 May 2017)
你以前听过这种说法吗？因为我没听过。我的意思是，我只是……几天前突然冒出来，觉得挺好。这就是你必须做的。
——特朗普在接受《经济学人》采访时声称，自己在经济刺激计划的语境中发明了“prime the pump”（启动经济刺激计划）一词（2017年5月11日）

...let Obamacare fail, it will be a lot easier. And I think we're probably in that position where we'll let Obamacare fail. We're not going to own it. I'm not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it. We'll let Obamacare fail, and then the Democrats are going to come to us.
—White House press conference, 2017-07-18, quoted in Thomas Kaplan (18 July 2017), "‘Let Obamacare Fail,’ Trump Says as G.O.P. Health Bill Collapses", New York Times
……如果让奥巴马医改失败，事情就会容易得多。而且我认为我们很可能已经到了让奥巴马医改失败的地步。我们不会承担责任。我不会。我可以告诉你，共和党人不会承担责任。我们会让奥巴马医改失败，然后民主党人就会来找我们。
——白宫新闻发布会，2017年7月18日，转引自托马斯·卡普兰（2017年7月18日），《纽约时报》：“‘让奥巴马医改失败吧，’特朗普在共和党医改法案失败时说”

Now how ridiculous: we're the only country in the world where a person comes in, has a baby, and the baby is essentially a citizen of the United States for 85 years with all of those benefits
—Associated Press (30 October 2018), "Trump wants to end birthright citizenship in the U.S.", CBC
这真是太荒谬了：我们是世界上唯一一个允许外国人入境，生下孩子，然后孩子就基本上成为美国公民，享受85年所有福利的国家。
——美联社（2018年10月30日），“特朗普想在美国终结出生公民权”，加拿大广播公司

Q: Does the buck stop with you over this shutdown?
Donald Trump: The buck stops with everybody.
—White House press conference, 2019-01-10, quoted in Steve Benen (10 January 2019), "Rejecting responsibility, Trump declares, ‘The buck stops with everybody’", MSNBC, and with video in Oliver Willis (10 January 2019), "Trump: 'Buck stops with everybody' for shutdown he was proud to own", American Independent
问：这次政府停摆的责任都落在你身上吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：责任落在每个人身上。
——白宫新闻发布会，2019年1月10日，转载自史蒂夫·贝宁（2019年1月10日）的MSNBC报道：“特朗普拒绝承担责任，宣称‘责任落在每个人身上’”，以及奥利弗·威利斯（2019年1月10日）的视频报道：“特朗普：‘责任落在每个人身上’，因为他引以为豪的是政府停摆”，美国独立报

For some reason we have a certain chemistry — or whatever. Let's see what happens. We have a long way to go. But I'm in no rush... So, I just want to say that we are going to be heading out to the DMZ and it's something I planned long ago but had the idea yesterday to maybe say hello, just shake hands quickly and say hello.
—press conference, Blue House, Seoul, South Korea, quoted in "Trump: Kim and I "have a certain chemistry"", CNN, 30 June 2019
不知为何，我们之间有一种化学反应——或者说，其他什么原因。让我们拭目以待吧。我们还有很长的路要走。但我不着急……所以，我只想说，我们要去非军事区（DMZ），这是我很久以前就计划好的，但昨天突然想到，或许可以打个招呼，快速握手，打个招呼。
——新闻发布会，韩国首尔青瓦台，引自CNN，2019年6月30日报道“特朗普：我和金正恩‘有某种化学反应’”

More powerful than the strength of American arms was the strength of American hearts. These men ran through the fires of hell moved by a force no weapon could destroy: the fierce patriotism of a free, proud, and sovereign people. They battled not for control and domination, but for liberty, democracy, and self-rule. They pressed on for love in home and country, the main streets, the schoolyards, the churches and neighbors, the families and communities that gave us men such as these. They were sustained by the confidence that America can do anything because we are a noble nation, with a virtuous people, praying to a righteous God. The exceptional might came from a truly exceptional spirit. The abundance of courage came from an abundance of faith. The great deeds of an Army came from the great depths of their love. As they confronted their fate, the Americans and the Allies placed themselves into the palm of God's hand.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
比美国武器的力量更强大的是美国人内心的力量。这些将士们浴血奋战，披荆斩棘，被一种任何武器都无法摧毁的力量所激励：一个自由、自豪、拥有主权的民族的炽烈爱国主义。他们不是为了控制和统治而战，而是为了自由、民主和自治。他们为爱而战，在家乡和国家，在大街小巷，在校园里，在教堂和邻居中，在家庭和社区中，正是这些爱孕育了我们这些英雄。他们坚信，美国无所不能，因为我们是一个高尚的国家，拥有高尚的人民，并向正义的上帝祈祷。非凡的力量源于真正非凡的精神。无比的勇气源于坚定的信念。一支军队的伟大功绩源于他们深沉的爱。当他们面对命运时，美国和盟军将自己交托在上帝的手中。
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念致辞。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

And again, when you have 15 people, and the 15 within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero, that's a pretty good job we've done.
—Regarding known coronavirus cases. White House press conference, 2020-02-26, quoted in Chris Riotta (11 March 2020), "Coronavirus: US passes 1,000 cases – two weeks after Trump said number would soon be 'close to zero'", The Independent (UK)
再说一次，如果现在有15人，而这15人在几天内就会降到接近零，那我们做得已经相当不错了。
——关于已知的新冠病毒病例。白宫新闻发布会，2020年2月26日，引自克里斯·里奥塔（2020年3月11日）的文章《新冠病毒：美国病例突破1000例——两周前特朗普曾表示病例很快就会‘接近零’》，英国《独立报》

We have an invisible enemy. We have a problem a month ago nobody ever thought about. [...] This is a bad one, this is a very bad one. This is bad in the sense that it's so contagious. It's just so contagious. Sort of record-setting type contagion.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-03-16, quoted in Jarrett Stepman (17 March 2020), "The Last Great Pandemic", The Daily Signal
我们有一个看不见的敌人。一个月前，我们遇到了一个无人想过的问题。[...] 这个问题很糟糕，非常糟糕。它的糟糕之处在于它的传染性极强。它真的非常具有传染性。可以说是创纪录的传染病。
——冠状病毒工作组新闻发布会，2020年3月16日，转载自贾勒特·斯蒂普曼（2020年3月17日），《最后一次大流行病》，《每日信号》

Q: Very simple question; does the buck stop with you? And on a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your response to this crisis?
Donald Trump: I'd rate it a 10. I think we've done a great job. And it started with the fact that we kept a very highly infected country, despite all of the—even the professionals saying no, it's too early to do that, we were very, very early with respect to China. And we would have a whole different situation in this country if we didn't do that. I would rate it a very, very—I would rate ourselves and—and the professionals—I think the professionals have done a fantastic job.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-03-16, quoted in Ian Schwartz (16 March 2020), "Trump: I'd Rate My Response To Coronavirus a 10", RealClearPolitics
问：这个问题很简单；责任到您身上吗？如果从1到10来打分，您会如何评价你们对这场危机的应对？
唐纳德·特朗普：我会打10分。我认为我们做得很好。首先，我们控制住了一个高度感染的国家，尽管所有——甚至连专业人士都说“不”，现在这样做还为时过早，但我们对中国的应对措施非常非常早。如果我们不这样做，这个国家的局势将会完全不同。我会给我们自己和——以及专业人士——打一个非常非常高的分数——我认为专业人士做得非常出色。
——冠状病毒工作组新闻发布会，2020年3月16日，引自伊恩·施瓦茨（2020年3月16日），“特朗普：我给应对冠状病毒的措施打10分”，RealClearPolitics

Peter Alexander: How are non-symptomatic professional athletes getting tests while others are waiting in line and can't get them?
Donald Trump: No, I wouldn’t say so, but perhaps that’s been the story of life. That does happen on occasion and I’ve noticed where some people have been tested fairly quickly.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-03-18, quoted in Janelle Griffith (18 March 2020), "Coronavirus: Trump says it may be 'the story of life' that well-connected get testing first", NBC News
彼得·亚历山大：为什么没有症状的职业运动员都能接受检测，而其他人却要排队等候却无法接受检测？
唐纳德·特朗普：不，我不会这么说，但也许这就是生活的常态。这种情况确实偶尔会发生，而且我注意到有些人很快就接受了检测。
——冠状病毒工作组新闻发布会，2020年3月18日，引用自珍妮尔·格里菲斯（2020年3月18日）的文章《冠状病毒：特朗普称，关系密切的人优先接受检测可能是‘生活的常态’》，NBC新闻

Don't be a cutie pie, okay?
—Trump responding to the question “But everybody who needs one will be able to get a ventilator?” from reporter Jonathan Karl. As quoted by Tal Axelrod (27 March 2020), "Trump to reporter pressing him about ventilators: 'Don't be a cutie pie'", The Hill
别装可爱，好吗？
——特朗普回应记者乔纳森·卡尔提出的“但所有需要呼吸机的人都能得到吗？”的问题。引自塔尔·阿克塞尔罗德（2020年3月27日）的报道，“特朗普回应记者就呼吸机问题追问他时说：‘别装可爱’”，《国会山报》

This is a very brilliant enemy. You know, it's a brilliant enemy. They develop drugs like the antibiotics, you see it. Antibiotics used to solve every problem. Now one of the biggest problems the world has is the germ has gotten so brilliant, that the antibiotic can't keep up with it. And they're constantly trying to come up with a new— People go to a hospital and they catch– They go for a heart operation, that's no problem, but they end up dying from, from... problems. You know the problems I'm talking about.
—Coronavirus task force press briefing, 2020-04-10, quoted in Jake Thomas (10 April 2020), "Watch: Trump Appears To Believe That Coronavirus Is A Bacteria, Not A Virus", The Intellectualist
这是一个非常聪明的敌人。你知道，这是一个非常聪明的敌人。他们研发了像抗生素这样的药物，你看得出来。抗生素曾经被用来解决所有问题。现在世界面临的最大问题之一是细菌变得如此聪明，以至于抗生素跟不上它。他们不断地试图研发新的……人们去医院，他们感染了……他们去做心脏手术，这没问题，但最终却死于……问题。你知道我在说什么问题。
——冠状病毒特别工作组新闻发布会，2020年4月10日，转载自杰克·托马斯（2020年4月10日），“观察：特朗普似乎认为冠状病毒是细菌，而不是病毒”，《知识分子》

That’s why your ratings are so bad because you’re pathetic. Go ahead. Let’s go. Your ratings are terrible. You got to get back to real news. Go ahead.
—Trump interrupting a reporter who started a question with "The first of the month is next week ... " White House coronavirus task force briefing (April 19, 2020), Donald Trump Coronavirus Press Conference Transcript April 19
你们的收视率这么差，就是因为你们太可怜了。继续吧，我们走吧。你们的收视率太差了。你们得回归正题了。继续吧。
——特朗普打断一位提问的记者，说：“下周就是月初了……” 白宫新冠病毒特别工作组简报（2020年4月19日），唐纳德·特朗普新冠病毒新闻发布会记录（4月19日）

And we’re — really, I’m very happy the governors have been — the governors, really, have been doing a really good job working with us, and it’s — it’s, really, pretty impressive to see. I’ve spoken to numerous leaders of countries over the last 48 hours, and they are saying we’re leading the way. We’re really leading the way in so many different ways.
—White House coronavirus task force briefing (April 23, 2020), Donald Trump Coronavirus Press Conference Transcript April 23
而且我们——真的，我很高兴各位州长——各位州长，真的，一直在与我们合作，做得非常好，这——真的，非常令人印象深刻。在过去的48小时里，我与许多国家的领导人进行了交谈，他们都说我们正在引领潮流。我们确实在很多方面引领潮流。
——白宫冠状病毒工作组简报（2020年4月23日），唐纳德·特朗普冠状病毒新闻发布会记录（4月23日）

I can't imagine why.
—Trump was answering a question from a journalist about rise in misuse of disinfectants the last few days, as quoted by Lydia O'Connor (27 April 2020), "Trump Says He Takes No Responsibility For People Ingesting Disinfectant", Huffpost
我无法想象为什么。
——特朗普当时正在回答一位记者关于最近几天消毒剂滥用现象增加的问题，引自莉迪亚·奥康纳（2020年4月27日）的报道，“特朗普称他对人们误食消毒剂不承担任何责任”，《赫芬顿邮报》

I didn’t want to give the press the pleasure of seeing it.
—Trump commented on why he didn't wear a face mask as a protection against the coronavirus at a visit to a factory, as quoted in Madeleine Carlisle (21 May 2020), "Trump Goes Without Mask For Public Tour of Michigan Factory, Says He ‘Didn’t Want to Give the Press the Pleasure’ of Seeing Him Wearing One", Time
我不想让媒体看到它。
——特朗普解释了为什么他在参观工厂时没有戴口罩来预防新冠病毒，引自玛德琳·卡莱尔（2020年5月21日）的报道，“特朗普在密歇根工厂公开参观时没有戴口罩，称他‘不想让媒体看到他戴口罩’”，《时代》杂志

We’re very much going to put pressure on governors and everybody else to open the schools.
—As quoted by Rex Huppke (7 July 2020), "Column: Trump demands schools reopen or funds might be cut — our (expendable) kids must face the virus!", Chicago Tribune
我们将向州长和其他所有人施加巨大压力，要求他们开学。
——雷克斯·哈普克（Rex Huppke）（2020年7月7日）在《芝加哥论坛报》撰文：“专栏：特朗普要求学校复课，否则资金可能会被削减——我们（可有可无的）孩子必须面对病毒！”

I’m the only man that got nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize and I didn’t get any press. They wouldn’t. For two of them. Last week, I’m not bragging about it.
—Quoted in Robert Farley (21 September 2020), "Trump’s Nobel Nonsense", FactCheck.org
我是唯一一个获得诺贝尔和平奖提名却没有得到任何媒体报道的人。他们不会报道的。其中两次都没有。上周，我可没吹嘘这件事。
——摘自罗伯特·法利（2020年9月21日），《特朗普的诺贝尔胡言乱语》，FactCheck.org

People have been treated unconstitutionally in my opinion and very, very unfairly, and we’re going to get to the bottom of it.
—Comments made concerning rioters involved in the 2021 United States Capitol attack during a fund raising speech cited in "Trump expresses support for Capitol rioters as he continues to embrace extremist groups" CNN Politics (December 2, 2022)
在我看来，人们受到了违宪的、非常非常不公平的对待，我们一定会追查到底。
——CNN政治栏目“特朗普表示支持国会暴徒，同时继续拥抱极端组织”报道中，特朗普在一次筹款演讲中就2021年美国国会大厦袭击事件中涉及暴徒的评论（2022年12月2日）

So I've known her a long time - indirectly, not directly very much - and she was always of Indian heritage. And she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was Black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn Black. And now she wants to be known as Black. So I don't know, is she Indian or is she Black?
—31 July 2024 about Kamala Harris, whose mother was a biologist from India and father is an emeritus professor of economics at Stanford University, originating from Jamaica. Quoted in "‘All of a sudden': Trump tells Black journalists in Chicago Kamala Harris ‘turned Black'", NBC Chicago
所以我认识她很久了——间接认识，直接认识不多——她一直都有印度血统。而且她也一直在推广印度血统。直到几年前她碰巧变成黑人，我才知道她是黑人。现在她想被人称为黑人。所以我不知道她是印度人还是黑人？
——2024年7月31日，关于卡玛拉·哈里斯，她的母亲是一位来自印度的生物学家，父亲是斯坦福大学的经济学名誉教授，祖籍牙买加。引自NBC芝加哥的“‘突然’：特朗普告诉芝加哥的黑人记者卡玛拉·哈里斯‘变成黑人了’”

A Black job is anybody that has a job.
—31 July 2024 "Trump questions if Harris is Black, downplays Vance pick at Black journalists convention", CNBC
黑人工作是指任何有工作的人。
——2024年7月31日 “特朗普质疑哈里斯是否是黑人，在黑人记者大会上淡化万斯的选择”，CNBC

Kim Jong Un liked me a lot. He doesn't like this group [the Harris campaign]
—8 August 2024 cited in "Trump Agrees to Debate Harris at Rambling Press Conference: How It Happened", New York Magazine
金正恩很喜欢我。他不喜欢这个团体（哈里斯竞选团队）。
——2024年8月8日，引自《纽约杂志》“特朗普同意在漫无目的的新闻发布会上与哈里斯辩论：事情的经过”

[On the likelihood of him sexually abusing a woman in 1979:] She said I was making out with her and then I grabbed her in a certain part. Think of the impracticality of this. I'm famous in a plane, people are coming into the plane and I grab a woman - what are the chances of that happening? Frankly, I know you're going to say it's a terrible thing to say but it couldn't have happened, it didn't happen because she would not have been the chosen one.
—Trump declares E. Jean Carroll 'not the chosen one' in bizarre rant following court appeal, Daily Express US Trump mocks his sexual assault accuser: ‘She would not have been the chosen one’, MSNBC YouTube (September 6, 2024)
[关于他在1979年性侵女性的可能性：] 她说我跟她亲热，然后我就抓住了她的某个部位。想想这有多不切实际。我在飞机上很有名，人们上飞机时，我抓住了一个女人——这种事发生的几率有多大？坦白说，我知道你会说这么说很可怕，但这种事不可能发生，它没有发生，因为她不会是被选中的人。
——特朗普在上诉后发表怪异言论，称E. Jean Carroll“不是被选中的人”，《每日快报》美国版 特朗普嘲讽性侵指控者：“她不会是被选中的人”，MSNBC YouTube（2024年9月6日）

They haven’t done that [attempted to assassinate Trump] and that would be a terrible thing for them to do. Not because of me— if they did that, they would be obliterated. That would be the end. I’ve left instructions, if they do it, they get obliterated, there won’t be anything left.
—When questioned about Iran and proxies threatening to assassinate him after he signed executive order to put ‘maximum pressure’ on Iran, quoted in Trump warns he left instructions to ‘obliterate’ Iran if he is assassinated ‘’The Hill’’ (February 4, 2025)
他们没有（试图暗杀特朗普），这对他们来说是一件可怕的事情。不是因为我——如果他们真的这么做了，他们就会被消灭。那就完了。我留下了指示，如果他们真的这么做了，他们就会被消灭，什么都不会剩下。
——当被问及在他签署行政命令对伊朗施加“极限施压”后，伊朗及其代理人威胁要暗杀他时，特朗普警告说，他留下指示，如果他被暗杀，将“消灭”伊朗，《国会山报》（2025年2月4日）

It’s called the Gulf of America now. It’s not called the Gulf of Mexico any longer. I have the right to do it. We are going to keep them out until such time that they agree it is the Gulf of America.
—Referring to AP reporters being banned from the White House, referenced in Donald Trump Says White House Will Prohibit Associated Press From Events Until They Agree To Rename Gulf Of Mexico Deadline (February 18, 2025)
现在它叫美国湾，不再叫墨西哥湾了。我有权这么做。我们会把他们挡在外面，直到他们同意这是美国湾。
——指美联社记者被禁止进入白宫，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普称白宫将禁止美联社参加活动，直到他们同意重新命名墨西哥湾最后期限》（2025年2月18日）

Howard Stern: So, you treat women with respect?
Donald Trump: Uh, I can't say that either.
Stern: Alright, good.
—An interview on The Howard Stern Show, 1993
霍华德·斯特恩：这么说，你尊重女性？
唐纳德·特朗普：呃，我也不能这么说。
斯特恩：好吧，很好。
——1993年《霍华德·斯特恩秀》采访

You know, if you’re young, and in this era, and if you have any guilt about not having gone to Vietnam, we have our own Vietnam—it’s called the dating game... Dating is like being in Vietnam. You’re the equivalent of a soldier going over to Vietnam.
—An interview on The Howard Stern Show, 1993, archived by People
你知道，如果你还年轻，身处这个时代，如果你对没去过越南感到愧疚，我们也有自己的越南——这叫做约会游戏……约会就像身处越南。你相当于一个要去越南的士兵。
——1993年《霍华德·斯特恩秀》访谈，由《人物》杂志存档

“It’s amazing, I can’t even believe it. I’ve been so lucky in terms of that whole world, it is a dangerous world out there. It’s like Vietnam, sort of. It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave solider”
—speaking of having sex and referring to women's genitals as “potential landmines”. An interview on The Howard Stern Show, 1997, archived by People
“太神奇了，我简直不敢相信。我很幸运能遇到这样的世界，外面的世界危险万分。有点像越南战争。这是我个人的越南战争。我感觉自己像个伟大而勇敢的士兵。”
——谈到性行为，并将女性生殖器比作“潜在的地雷”。1997年霍华德·斯特恩秀访谈，由《人物》杂志存档

I love beautiful women, and beautiful women love me. It has to be both ways.
—Interview with Norwegian talk show host Fredrik Skavlan in (November 2003).
我爱美女，美女也爱我。这必须是双向的。
——2003年11月接受挪威脱口秀主持人弗雷德里克·斯卡夫兰采访

[On "You're fired!":] There's a beauty in those two words. When you utter those words, there's very little that can be said. There's a succinctness to those words.
—Armstrong, David (28 March 2004), "Trump TV / 'The Apprentice' takes realistic inside look at corporate world", San Francisco Chronicle
[关于“你被解雇了！”] 这两个字蕴含着一种美。当你说出这两个字时，其实能说的很少。这两个字简洁明了。
——大卫·阿姆斯特朗（2004年3月28日），“特朗普电视/《学徒》以现实主义视角审视企业界”，《旧金山纪事报》

Hillary Clinton I think is a terrific woman. I am biased because I have known her for years. I live in New York. She lives in New York. I really like her and her husband both a lot. I think she really works hard. And I think, again, she's given an agenda, it is not all of her, but I think she really works hard and I think she does a good job. I like her.
—2007 CNN interview, reported in Zeke J. Miller, "When Donald Trump Praised Hillary Clinton", Time (July 17, 2015).
我认为希拉里·克林顿是一位了不起的女性。我之所以对她有偏见，是因为我认识她多年。我住在纽约，她也住在纽约。我非常喜欢她和她的丈夫。我觉得她工作非常努力。而且，我认为，她有自己的一套计划，虽然这并非她的全部，但我认为她确实很努力，而且做得很好。我喜欢她。
——2007年CNN采访，转载自Zeke J. Miller，《唐纳德·特朗普称赞希拉里·克林顿》，《时代》杂志（2015年7月17日）

Part of the beauty of me is that I am very rich.
—Interview with Ashleigh Banfield on ABC's Good Morning America (17 March 2011); also in Neil King Jr. (17 March 2011), "Trump on 2012: ‘Part of Beauty of Me Is I'm Very Rich’", Washington Wire (Wall Street Journal)
我的魅力之一在于我非常富有。
——阿什莉·班菲尔德在美国广播公司（ABC）《早安美国》节目中的访谈（2011年3月17日）；另见尼尔·金（Neil King Jr.）（2011年3月17日），《特朗普谈2012：‘我的魅力之一在于我非常富有’》，《华盛顿电讯报》（华尔街日报）

I have no relationship with Putin. I don't think I've ever met him. I never met him. I don't think I've ever met him. ... I have never spoken to him on the phone, no. I've speak -- I've spoken -- when we had the Miss Universe contest a number of years ago, we had Miss Universe in Moscow, in the Moscow area, he was invited. He wanted to come. He wasn't able to come. That would have been a time when I would have met him. ... I don't know what it means by having a relationship. I mean he was saying very good things about me, but I don't have a relationship with him. I didn't meet him. I haven't spent time with him. I didn't have dinner with him. I didn't go hiking with him. I don't know -- and I wouldn't know him from Adam except I see his picture and I would know what he looks like.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
我和普京没有任何关系。我想我从未见过他。我从未见过他。我想我从未见过他……我从未和他通过电话，没有。我说过——我说过——几年前我们举办环球小姐大赛的时候，我们在莫斯科，在莫斯科地区举办了环球小姐大赛，他受邀了。他想来，但没能来。那时我本可以见到他……我不知道所谓的“有关系”是什么意思。我的意思是，他虽然说了很多关于我的好话，但我和他没有关系。我没有见过他。我没有和他一起待过。我没有和他一起吃过饭。我没有和他一起去徒步旅行。我不知道——除非我看到他的照片，知道他长什么样，否则我不会认识他。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

Of course I hate these people and let's all hate these people because maybe hate is what we need if we're gonna get something done.
—In 1989 interview with Larry King, about the Central Park Five (who was later found to have been wrongfully convicted)
我当然恨这些人，我们也应该恨这些人，因为也许恨正是我们想要有所成就所需要的。
——1989年接受拉里·金采访时，谈到中央公园五人组（后来发现他们被冤枉了）

I'm conservative, and even very conservative. But I'm quite liberal and getting much more liberal on health care and other things. I really say: What's the purpose of a country if you're not going to have defensive and health care? If you can't take care of your sick in the country, forget it, it's all over. I mean, it's no good. So I'm very liberal when it comes to health care. I believe in universal health care. I believe in whatever it takes to make people well and better.
—Interview with Larry King CNN (October 1999)
我是个保守派，甚至可以说是非常保守。但我相当自由，而且在医疗保健和其他方面也越来越自由。我真心想：如果一个国家没有防御性和医疗保健，那还有什么意义？如果你连自己国家的病人都照顾不好，那就算了，一切都完了。我的意思是，这根本没用。所以，在医疗保健方面，我非常自由。我相信全民医疗保健。我相信，只要能让人们变得更好，什么代价都值得。
——CNN 拉里·金访谈（1999年10月）

These are people that are outside the country, so we're really not talking about the Constitution. And it's not about religion. This is about safety. This has nothing to do with religion. It's about safety.
—Interview on ABC's "Life with Kelly and Michael", as quoted in "Trump: Muslim ban 'not about religion'" by Jesse Byrnes, The Hill (9 December 2015)
这些人身处国外，所以我们实际上并非在谈论宪法。这也不是宗教问题。这关乎安全。这与宗教无关。这关乎安全。
——接受美国广播公司（ABC）《凯利和迈克尔的生活》（Life with Kelly and Michael）采访，转引自杰西·伯恩斯在《国会山报》（The Hill）发表的文章《特朗普：穆斯林禁令‘与宗教无关’》（2015年12月9日）

I'd say we've had a lot of problems with radical Islamic terrorism. That's what I'd say. We have a lot of problems. ... I'd say you've got to take a look at that, because something is going on. And it's not good.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
我想说，我们在激进伊斯兰恐怖主义方面遇到了很多问题。我就是这么想的。我们确实有很多问题……我想说，你必须正视这一点，因为有些事情正在发生。而且情况不容乐观。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

Our country's a mess. And that's why when she makes the speech, she doesn't talk about radical Islam. She doesn't talk about the problems that we have in this country and throughout the world. Many of the problems, she caused. I mean, she created ISIS with her stupidity and her lack of knowledge with her bad judgment.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
我们的国家一团糟。正因如此，她在演讲中只字不提激进伊斯兰主义。她只字不提我们国家乃至全世界面临的问题。很多问题都是她造成的。我的意思是，她用自己的愚蠢、无知和糟糕的判断力，制造了伊斯兰国。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受美国广播公司新闻频道《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

I've known Steve Bannon a long time. If I thought he was a racist, or alt-right, or any of the things that we can, you know, the terms we can use, I wouldn't even think about hiring him. First of all, I'm the one that makes the decision, not Steve Bannon or anybody else.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我认识史蒂夫·班农很久了。如果我觉得他是种族主义者、另类右翼分子，或者任何我们能用的词，你知道，我们能用的词，我根本就不会考虑雇佣他。首先，我才是做决定的人，不是史蒂夫·班农，也不是其他任何人。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

The Times is, it's a great, great American jewel. A world jewel.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
《纽约时报》是一颗伟大的美国瑰宝，也是一颗世界瑰宝。
——《纽约时报》访谈记录（2016年11月23日）

If you're telling me they're horrible people, horrible racist people, I would certainly apologize, if you'd like me to do that.
—Interviewed on Good Morning Britain about his retweeting of inflammatory and unverified anti-Muslim videos from Britain First the previous November (26 January 2018)
如果你告诉我他们是可怕的人，可怕的种族主义者，我当然会道歉，如果你希望我这样做的话。
——接受《早安英国》节目采访，谈论他去年11月转发英国优先党煽动性且未经证实的反穆斯林视频（2018年1月26日）

I did something good: I made Juneteenth very famous.
It’s actually an important event, an important time. But nobody had ever heard of it.
—Wednesday 17 June 2020 interview in the Oval Office according to 19 June 2020 article by Michael Bender of Wall Street Journal, highlighted 21 June 2020 by Richard Wolffe of The Guardian
我做了一件好事：我让六月节名声大噪。
这确实是一个重要的事件，一个重要的时刻。但之前却没人听说过。
——根据《华尔街日报》迈克尔·本德2020年6月19日的文章，于2020年6月17日星期三在椭圆形办公室进行的采访，《卫报》理查德·沃尔夫于2020年6月21日重点报道

I surround myself with the best people. I know the best people.
—On an interview (1999 November 26)
我身边都是最优秀的人。我认识最优秀的人。
——采访记录（1999年11月26日）

I do whine because I want to win and I’m not happy about not winning and I am a whiner and I keep whining and whining until I win.
—Interview with Chris CuomoJeremy Diamond (11 August 2015), "Donald Trump: ‘I keep whining and whining until I win’", CNN
我确实会抱怨，因为我想要赢，输了就不开心，我是个爱抱怨的人，我会一直抱怨，直到赢为止。
——克里斯·科莫和杰里米·戴蒙德访谈（2015年8月11日），“唐纳德·特朗普：‘我会一直抱怨，直到赢为止’”，CNN

Emails in general are terrible. There's no security. It happens so often. I'm old-fashioned. I put a letter in an envelope and have it hand delivered. My son is 10 years old, and he has grown up computer literate. They start using computers before they can walk. His computer was locked and he unlocked it. And I said, ‘Barron, how did you do that?' And he said, ‘I won't tell you, Dad.
—At an interview with The New York Times' Maureen Dowd.  (July 29, 2016)
总的来说，电子邮件很糟糕。毫无安全性，这种情况经常发生。我比较老派。我会把信装进信封，然后让人亲自送过去。我儿子10岁了，他从小就接触电脑。他们甚至还没学会走路就开始用电脑了。他的电脑被锁了，他自己解锁了。我问他：“巴伦，你是怎么做到的？” 他说：“爸爸，我不会告诉你的。” 
——接受《纽约时报》莫琳·多德采访时。（2016年7月29日）

Putin said I was a genius. I do say this: Wouldn't it be wonderful if we actually could get along with Russia and China and some other countries that we don't get along with, and then we go out and knock the hell out of ISIS? Wouldn't it be nice if we cleaned that mess up? Wouldn't it be smart?
—At an interview with The New York Times' Maureen Dowd.  (July 29, 2016)
普京说我是个天才。我的确这么说过：如果我们真的能和俄罗斯、中国以及其他一些我们相处不来的国家和睦相处，然后出手把ISIS彻底消灭，那岂不是很棒？如果我们能把那个烂摊子收拾干净，那岂不是很棒？这难道不明智吗？
——接受《纽约时报》莫琳·多德采访时。（2016年7月29日）

I think he's a pervert. It's dangerous to allow him on the convention floor.
—About Anthony Weiner on the 2016 Democratic National Convention. At an interview with The New York Times' Maureen Dowd.  (July 29, 2016)
我觉得他是个变态。让他出现在大会现场很危险。
——谈及安东尼·韦纳在2016年民主党全国大会上的表现。在接受《纽约时报》记者莫琳·多德采访时。（2016年7月29日）

NATO is going to be just fine. But NATO countries -- we have 28 countries -- many of them are taking advantage of us because they're not paying. So we're protecting these countries and they're not paying. ... I'm all in favor of NATO. I said NATO is obsolete. I was asked a question by one of your competitors and I said NATO is obsolete, because it's not taking care of terror.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
北约会很好。但是北约国家——我们有28个国家——其中很多都在占我们的便宜，因为他们不付钱。所以我们在保护这些国家，而他们却不付钱……我完全支持北约。我说过北约已经过时了。你们的一个竞争对手问过我一个问题，我说北约已经过时了，因为它没有处理好恐怖主义。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

No debts. I have very little debt to anybody. I don't need debt. You know, it's very interesting, I'm so liquid, I don't need debt. And if I need debt, if I want debt, I can get it from banks in New York City very easily.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
没有债务。我几乎不欠任何人。我不需要债务。你知道，这很有意思，我的资金非常充裕，我不需要债务。如果我需要债务，如果我想要债务，我可以很容易地从纽约市的银行获得。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

Well, that sounds - who wrote that? Did Hillary's scriptwriters write it? Because everybody that went out there, we also had John Allen who failed with ISIS. I mean, he was a general, Allen, General Allen. He went out. And he was ranting and raving. And then I read a report. He was in there for a number of months. And he failed with ISIS.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
嗯，听起来——这是谁写的？是希拉里的编剧写的吗？因为所有去那里的人，包括约翰·艾伦，他在ISIS问题上失败了。我的意思是，他是一位将军，艾伦，艾伦将军。他出去了。他咆哮着，怒吼着。然后我读到了一份报告。他在那里待了几个月。他在ISIS问题上失败了。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

The generals aren't doing so well right now. Now, I have a feeling it may be Obama's fault. But if you look at ISIS… General MacArthur and General Patton, they're spinning in their graves. The generals certainly aren't doing very well right now.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
将军们现在的日子不太好过。现在，我觉得这可能是奥巴马的错。但如果你看看ISIS……麦克阿瑟将军和巴顿将军，他们简直是死不瞑目。将军们现在的日子肯定不好过。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

I raised, and I have raised, millions of dollars for the vets. I'm helping the vets a lot. I think my popularity with the vets is through the roof, far greater than hers. She's done nothing. All she's done is tell everybody that the vets are in good shape. They're fine. And they're not fine. People are waiting on line for seven days to see a doctor. She thinks it's fine.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
我为退伍军人筹集了数百万美元，而且已经筹集了，我为他们提供了很大的帮助。我觉得我在退伍军人中的声望已经爆棚了，远高于她。她什么都没做。她所做的就是告诉所有人，退伍军人们都很好。他们很好。但他们并不好。人们排队等了七天才去看医生。她认为这很好。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

What we do want to do is we want to bring the country together, because the country is very, very divided, and that's one thing I did see, big league. It's very, very divided, and I'm going to work very hard to bring the country together.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我们真正想做的是让国家团结起来，因为国家现在非常非常分裂，这是我亲眼目睹的。国家现在非常非常分裂，我会非常努力地让国家团结起来。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

I want to move forward, I don't want to move back. And I don't want to hurt the Clintons. I really don't. She went through a lot. And suffered greatly in many different ways. And I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was vicious. They say it was the most vicious primary and the most vicious campaign. I guess, added together, it was definitely the most vicious; probably, I assume you sold a lot of newspapers. ... It's just not something that I feel very strongly about. ... I'm not looking to look back and go through this. This was a very painful period. This was a very painful election with all of the email things and all of the foundation things and all of the everything that they went through and the whole country went through. This was a very painful period of time.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我想向前看，不想后退。我也不想伤害克林顿夫妇。真的不想。她经历了很多，在很多方面都承受了巨大的痛苦。我一点也不想伤害他们。竞选过程非常残酷。他们说这是最残酷的初选，也是最残酷的竞选过程。我想，两者加在一起，绝对是最残酷的；或许，我猜想你们卖出了很多报纸……我只是不太在意这件事……我不想回头再经历一遍。那是一段非常痛苦的时期。这是一场非常痛苦的选举，包括所有关于电子邮件的事情、所有关于基金会的事情，以及他们自己和整个国家经历的一切。那是一段非常痛苦的时期。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

Our country's really in bad, big trouble. We have a lot of trouble. A lot of problems. And one of the big problems, I talk about, divisiveness. I think that a lot of people will appreciate … I'm not doing it for that reason. I'm doing it because it's time to go in a different direction.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我们的国家真的陷入了非常严重的困境。我们有很多麻烦，很多问题。而我所说的其中一个大问题，就是分裂。我想很多人会理解……我这么做并非出于这个原因。我这么做是因为是时候改变方向了。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

Sometimes I'll say I'm actually an environmentalist and people will smile in some cases and other people that know me understand that's true. Open mind.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
有时我会说自己其实是个环保主义者，有时人们会报以微笑，认识我的人也明白这是真的。保持开放的心态。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

Well I didn't tape him — you never know what's happening, when you see that the Obama administration, and perhaps longer than that, was doing all of this unmasking and, er, surveillance, and you read all about it, and I've been reading about for the last couple of months about the seriousness of the, and horrible situation, with surveillance all over the place, and you've been hearing the word 'unmasking', a word you probably never heard before, so you never know what's out there — but I didn't tape, and I don't have any tape, and I didn't tape.
Well, er, it wasn't, er, it wasn't very stupid, I can tell you that. [In response to the interviewer suggesting that his tweeting that there were tapes was a smart tactic]
—Trump interviewed by Ainsley Earhardt on Fox & Friends (23 June 2017)
我没有录他——你永远不知道会发生什么，当你看到奥巴马政府，甚至可能更久以前，一直在揭露真相，呃，监控，你读到过所有相关报道，过去几个月我一直在读到关于这种可怕情况的报道，到处都是监控，你也听到过“揭露”这个词，这个词你可能从未听过，所以你永远不知道外面到底发生了什么——但我没有录，我也没有录，我没有任何录，我也没有录。
嗯，呃，这不算，呃，不算很蠢，我可以告诉你。[回应采访者暗示他发推文说有录影带是个聪明的策略]
——特朗普接受福克斯与朋友们节目艾因斯利·厄尔哈特采访（2017年6月23日）

Allowing the immigration to take place in Europe is a shame. I think it changed the fabric of Europe and, unless you act very quickly, it's never going to be what it was and I don't mean that in a positive way. So I think allowing millions and millions of people to come into Europe is very, very sad. I think you are losing your culture.
—Interview with The Sun (13 July 2018)
允许移民进入欧洲是一种耻辱。我认为这改变了欧洲的结构，除非你迅速采取行动，否则它永远不会恢复到以前的样子，而且我这么说并非出于好意。所以我认为允许数百万人进入欧洲非常非常可悲。我认为你们正在失去你们的文化。
——《太阳报》访谈（2018年7月13日）

Look, Easter's a very special day for me. And I see it's sort of in that timeline that I'm thinking about. And I say, "Wouldn't it be great to have all of the churches full?" – you know the churches aren't allowed, essentially, to have much of a congregation there. And most of 'em, I watched on Sunday, online. And it was terrific, by the way, but online is never going to be like being there. So I think Easter Sunday, and you'll have packed churches all over our country. I think it would be a beautiful time. And it's just about the timeline that I think is right.
—Fox News interview, 2020-03-24, quoted in John T Bennett (24 March 2020), "Coronavirus: Trump says Easter with ‘packed churches’ would be ‘beautiful time’ to reopen US", The Independent (UK)
瞧，复活节对我来说是个非常特别的日子。我发现它差不多就在我设想的时间线里。我说：“如果所有教堂都挤满人，那不是很棒吗？”——你知道，教堂基本上不允许聚集太多会众。大多数教堂我都是在周日通过网络观看的。顺便说一句，那感觉很棒，但线上永远比不上线下。所以我觉得到了复活节星期天，全国各地的教堂都会挤满人。我觉得那会是一个美好的时刻。而我认为这个时间线恰好就是正确的。
——福克斯新闻采访，2020年3月24日，引自约翰·T·贝内特（2020年3月24日），“新冠病毒：特朗普称复活节期间‘教堂挤满人’将是重新开放美国的‘美好时机’”，《独立报》（英国）

Look, I take responsibility always for everything because it's ultimately my job, too. I have to get everybody in line.
—As quoted by Ronn Blitzer (19 July 2020), "Trump pushes back against critics on coronavirus, addresses whether he will accept election results in exclusive interview", Fox News
你看，我总是对所有事情负责，因为这最终也是我的工作。我必须让每个人都守规矩。
——罗恩·布利策（Ronn Blitzer）（2020年7月19日）“特朗普反驳关于新冠病毒的批评，并在独家采访中谈到他是否会接受选举结果”，福克斯新闻

He was very early. Like earlier than most. I haven’t spoken to him since. Fuck him,
—10 December 2021 interview with Barak Ravid about Benjamin Netanyahu per Times of Israel
他来得很早，比大多数人都早。从那以后我就没跟他说过话。去他的。
——2021年12月10日，巴拉克·拉维德采访本雅明·内塔尼亚胡，来自《以色列时报》

I think you believe [in God] more, because when you speak to experts, like my sons who are shooting experts. But when you speak to experts, they said there was no chance that he could have missed from that distance....
I think you think like, if you believe in God, you believe in God more. And somebody said like, why? And I’d like to think that God thinks that I’m going to straighten out our country. Our country is so sick and it’s so broken. Our country is just broken. And maybe that was the reason, I don’t know. I don’t know, a lot of people have said that.
—Speaking about assassination attempt on July 14, 2024, in interview on Fox News “Life, Liberty & Levin”, quoted in "Trump: ‘I’d like to think that God thinks that I’m going to straighten out our country’", The Hill YouTube interview (September 1, 2024)
我认为你更相信[上帝]，因为当你和专家交流时，比如我的儿子们，他们是射击专家。但当你和专家交流时，他们说他从那么远的距离射击不可能失手……
我认为你会想，如果你相信上帝，你就会更相信上帝。有人会说，为什么？我愿意相信上帝认为我会整顿我们的国家。我们的国家病入膏肓，支离破碎。我们的国家已经支离破碎了。也许这就是原因，我不知道。我不知道，很多人都这么说过。
——在福克斯新闻“生命、自由与莱文”节目采访中谈到2024年7月14日的暗杀企图，引自《国会山报》YouTube采访“特朗普：‘我愿意相信上帝认为我会整顿我们的国家’”（2024年9月1日）

She had the other interview with the other guy who was a nice guy I think from Philadelphia from Pennsylvania, he was a nice guy, he was asking her all these (scrambles words) – the daily take – they don’t take like I do! Anybody wants to go, go what the hell differences they make – they have – and how dishonest was ABC.
I'm cognitively very strong.
—"Trump teased over rambling ‘word salad’ at rally as he insists he is 'cognitively very strong'", Yahoo News / The Independent (September 24, 2024)
她还和另一个人接受了采访，那人是个好人，我想是费城人，宾夕法尼亚人，他是个好人，他问了她所有这些（语无伦次）——日常的见闻——他们不像我这样！谁都想去，去问他们到底有什么不同——他们确实有——还有ABC有多不诚实。
我的认知能力很强。
——“特朗普在集会上被调侃喋喋不休地‘胡言乱语’，他坚称自己‘认知能力很强’”，雅虎新闻/《独立报》（2024年9月24日）

Everybody's gonna be just fine. It wouldn't have been if I didn't do this. I had a choice. I could leave it, have a nice, easy time. But I think ultimately you would've had an implosion. Our country had inflation that was worse than they've ever had it before.
You don't mention that. Why don't you mention that? We had the worst inflation probably in the history of our country. People say 48 years, probably in the history of our country we had the worst inflation. And people were dying over the inflation. You know that. Now the grocery prices are coming down. The energy prices are coming down. Gasoline's coming down. It's all heading in the right direction.
—In response to a question over the concern about the effect of the tariffs, taken from FULL TRANSCRIPT: Trump's exclusive 100 days broadcast interview with ABC News ABC News (April 29, 2025)
大家都会好起来的。如果我不这么做，情况就不会如此。我可以选择。我可以置之不理，过上轻松愉快的生活。但我认为最终你会遭遇内爆。我们国家经历了前所未有的通货膨胀。
你没提这个。你为什么不提这个？我们经历了可能是我国历史上最严重的通货膨胀。人们说，48年来，可能是我国历史上最严重的通货膨胀。人们因为通货膨胀而丧命。你知道的。现在，食品杂货价格正在下降。能源价格正在下降。汽油价格正在下降。一切都在朝着好的方向发展。
——关于对关税影响担忧的提问，摘自特朗普接受ABC新闻独家100天广播采访的完整记录 ABC新闻（2025年4月29日）

Howard Stern: Are you for the invasion of Iraq?
Donald Trump: Yeah, I guess so. I wish, uh, I wish the first time it was done correctly.
—Interview on Howard Stern Show (11 September 2002), reported by BuzzFeed (19 February 2016)
霍华德·斯特恩：你支持入侵伊拉克吗？
唐纳德·特朗普：是的，我想是的。我希望，呃，我希望第一次就做对了。
——霍华德·斯特恩秀访谈（2002年9月11日），BuzzFeed报道（2016年2月19日）

One of the problems that a lot of people like myself we have very high levels of intelligence, but we're not necessarily such believers. You look at our air and our water, and it's now at a record clean. But when you look at China and you look at parts of Asia and when you look at South America, and when you look at many other places in this world, including Russia, including just many other places, the air is incredibly dirty and when you're talking about an atmosphere, oceans are very small and it blows over and it sails over. I mean, we take thousands of tons of garbage off our beaches all the time that comes over from Asia. It just flows right down the Pacific, if flows, and we say where does this come from. And it takes many people to start off with.
—28th November, Washington Post interview, Donald Trump on whether he believes in global warming reports of the 13 of agencies of his administration.
问题之一是，很多人，比如我，智力水平很高，但未必如此笃信。看看我们的空气和水，现在都达到了创纪录的清洁水平。但看看中国、亚洲部分地区、南美洲，以及世界上很多其他地方，包括俄罗斯，你会发现空气极其肮脏。说到大气，海洋很小，垃圾会被风吹过来，也会被海水冲过来。我的意思是，我们一直从海滩上清理掉成千上万吨来自亚洲的垃圾。它们会直接流入太平洋，如果流入，我们会问这些垃圾是从哪里来的。这需要很多人的共同努力才能弄清楚。
——11月28日，《华盛顿邮报》采访唐纳德·特朗普，询问他是否相信其政府13个机构的全球变暖报告。

In many cases, our allies are worse than our so-called enemies.
—Claimed about allied NATO members and Russia, quoted in "Trump claims US is being exploited by allies, calls them ‘worse than enemies’", TVP World (November 3, 2024)
很多时候，我们的盟友比所谓的敌人更糟糕。
——关于北约盟国和俄罗斯的言论，引自《特朗普声称美国正被盟友利用，称他们‘比敌人更糟糕’》，TVP World（2024年11月3日）

They'll walk up, and they'll flip their top, and they'll flip their panties.
—Interview on The Howard Stern Show (2008)
她们会走上前，撩起上衣，撩起内裤。
——《霍华德·斯特恩秀》（2008）访谈

OK, what I do is, wash it with Head and Shoulders. I don't dry it, though. I let it dry by itself. It takes about an hour. Then I read papers and things…I also watch TV…OK, so I've done all that. I then comb my hair. Yes, I do use a comb…
Do I comb it forward? No, I don't comb it forward…I actually don't have a bad hairline. When you think about it, it's not bad. I mean, I get a lot of credit for comb-overs. But it's not really a comb-over. It's sort of a little bit forward and back. I've combed it the same way for years. Same thing, every time.
—15 September 2016 to Jimmy Fallon
好的，我会用海飞丝洗头。不过我不会吹干头发。我会让它自然风干。大概需要一个小时。然后我会看报纸之类的……也会看电视……好吧，这些我都做了。然后我会梳头。是的，我会用梳子……
我会把头发向前梳吗？不，我不会向前梳……其实我的发际线还不错。仔细想想，其实还不错。我的意思是，我因为翻梳而备受赞誉。但实际上我并不是翻梳。它有点像是前后梳。我多年来一直都是这样梳的。每次都一样。
——2016年9月15日，致吉米·法伦

[Interviewer: Do you believe in climate change? Do you think it exists?] Er, there is a cooling and there is a heating, and I mean, look, it used to not be climate change, it used to be global warming. [Interviewer: Right.] Right? That wasn't working too well, because it was getting too cold all over the place. The ice caps were going to melt, they were going to be gone by now, but now they're setting records, OK, they're at a record level.
—Interviewed on British TV (28 January 2018)
[采访者：你相信气候变化吗？你认为它存在吗？] 呃，有变冷，也有变暖，我的意思是，你看，以前那不是气候变化，而是全球变暖。[采访者：对。] 对吗？那不太好，因为到处都变得太冷了。冰盖本来就要融化了，现在它们应该已经消失了，但现在它们正在创纪录，好吧，它们已经达到了创纪录的水平。
——接受英国电视台采访（2018年1月28日）

I'll give you a little breaking news, Pfizer is in with the FDA. What the FDA did with Johnson and Johnson is so stupid
—TV interview with Sean Hannity
我来告诉你一个突发新闻，辉瑞公司和FDA闹翻了。FDA对强生公司的所作所为真是愚蠢至极。
——肖恩·汉尼提电视访谈

It was God alone who prevented the unthinkable from happening...In this moment, it is more important than ever that we stand United, and show our True Character as Americans, remaining Strong and Determined, and not allowing Evil to Win
—14 July 2024 per NDTV
唯有上帝才能阻止这不可想象的灾难发生……此刻，我们比以往任何时候都更需要团结一致，展现我们作为美国人的真正品格，保持坚强和坚定，不让邪恶得逞。
——2024年7月14日，NDTV报道

Rona Barrett: How would you like to be remembered?
Donald Trump: Well, as somebody that’s contributed something to the United States and to the City of New York, and to the various other places that I’m going, and somebody that’s done a little bit better than other people at what he does.
—An interview with Rona Barrett (1980)
罗娜·巴雷特：你希望人们如何铭记你？
唐纳德·特朗普：嗯，作为一个对美国、对纽约市以及我即将前往的其他地方做出过贡献的人，一个在自己领域做得比别人更出色的人。
——罗娜·巴雷特访谈（1980）

I judge people based on their capability, honesty, and merit.
—"Trump towers", interview with Paul Alexander, The Advocate (15 February 2000), p. 23
我评判一个人的标准是他们的能力、诚实和优点。
——“特朗普大厦”，保罗·亚历山大访谈，《倡导者》（2000年2月15日），第23页

let's just talk. I'll give you as much time as you want. I'll tell you what you need to know
—2009 to Bradley Edwards (attorney prosecuting Jeffrey Epstein) as narrated by Edwards in December 2018 interview, according to 7 July 2019 article by Joe Hoft of Gateway Pundit
我们就聊聊吧。我会给你尽可能多的时间。我会告诉你你需要知道的一切。
——2009年，布拉德利·爱德华兹（起诉杰弗里·爱泼斯坦的律师）在2018年12月的采访中讲述，根据Gateway Pundit的乔·霍夫特2019年7月7日的文章

All my friends who work out all the time, they’re going for knee replacements, hip replacements — they’re a disaster
—4 October 2015 interview with New York Times
我所有经常锻炼的朋友，都去做膝关节置换术、髋关节置换术——简直是灾难
——2015年10月4日接受《纽约时报》采访

Trump: No, I didn't use the word. I never said the word, Bill. I don't know who told you -- I would never use the word. I didn't say the word. I said, "you can tell them to go [beat of silence] themselves."
O'Reilly: But the lips kind of moved in the --
Trump: Well, they might have. No, I didn't say the word. I wouldn't do that. Even I -- hey Bill, even I wouldn't do that, okay. No, I never said the word.
—On an interview on The O'Reilly Factor (6 February 2016)
特朗普：不，我没有用这个词。我从来没说过这个词，比尔。我不知道是谁告诉你的——我永远不会用这个词。我没有说过这个词。我说的是：“你可以让他们自己去[沉默]。”
奥莱利：但嘴唇动了一下——
特朗普：嗯，他们可能说了。不，我没有说这个词。我不会那样做。即使是我——嘿，比尔，即使是我也不会那样做，好吧。不，我从来没说过这个词。
——2016年2月6日接受《奥莱利实情》采访时

It's the Harvard of Terrorists.
—Interview with Charlie Rose (17 February 2016)
这是恐怖分子中的哈佛。
——查理·罗斯访谈（2016年2月17日）

If you want to get a television today -- I buy thousands of television sets. If I want a television, I would love the buy American-made televisions like they used to have where they had GE and Sylvania and all of the different. Today, it's Samsung, it's LG, it's Sony. We don't make televisions anymore.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
如果你现在想买电视机——我买过成千上万台电视机。如果我想买电视机，我当然会买美国制造的，就像以前通用电气、Sylvania 等等那样。现在，只有三星、LG、索尼。我们现在已经不生产电视机了。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受美国广播公司新闻频道《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

When I do ties, I bid them out. And I go all over the place. You have companies over in different countries where they devalue their currency and they make it impossible for American companies to compete. The hat, Make America Great Again. I fought like crazy to find a company in this country that could make the hats. And I found one. And they're American-made, but it's -- because I knew the first thing people would do is, where is the hat made. OK, Make America Great.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
我做领带的时候，会竞价。我跑遍了各个地方。不同国家的公司会贬值本国货币，让美国公司无法竞争。我做的帽子，主题是“让美国再次伟大”。我拼了命地想在这个国家找到一家能生产这种帽子的公司。我找到了一家。而且它们是美国制造的，但我知道人们首先会问，这顶帽子是哪里产的。好吧，主题是“让美国再次伟大”。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受美国广播公司新闻频道《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

He (Khizr M. Khan) was, you know, very emotional and probably looked like a nice guy to me. His wife, if you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say. You tell me. But plenty of people have written that. She was extremely quiet. And it looked like she had nothing to say. A lot of people have said that. And personally, I watched him. I wish him the best of luck.
—Interview on ABC News' This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Transcript (31 July 2016)
他（Khizr M. Khan）你知道，非常情绪化，在我看来可能是个好人。他的妻子，如果你看看他，她就站在那里。她无话可说。她可能，也许她不被允许说话。你告诉我吧。但很多人都写过这样的话。她非常安静。看起来她无话可说。很多人都这么说。我个人也观察过他。我祝他好运。
——乔治·斯蒂芬诺普洛斯接受ABC新闻《本周》节目采访。文字记录（2016年7月31日）

On the question if he would honor the results of the election should he lose:
"We're going to have to see. We're going to see what happens. We're going to have to see."
—In an interview with the New York Times; Trump Appears to Back Off Pledge to Support Clinton If She Wins, NBC News (30 September 2016)
关于他如果输掉大选是否会尊重选举结果的问题，他表示：“我们拭目以待。我们拭目以待。我们拭目以待。”
——接受《纽约时报》采访时；特朗普似乎放弃了在希拉里获胜后支持她的承诺，NBC新闻（2016年9月30日）

Clean air is vitally important. Clean water, crystal clean water is vitally important. Safety is vitally important.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
洁净的空气至关重要。洁净的水，清澈透明的水至关重要。安全至关重要。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

I don't care about my company. ... Because it doesn't matter. The only thing that matters to me is running our country.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
我不在乎我的公司……因为它不重要。对我来说，唯一重要的事情是治理好我们的国家。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

It's hard to explain. I don't care about anything having to do with anything having to do with anything other than the country.
—New York Times Interview, Transcript (November 23, 2016)
这很难解释。除了国家，我什么都不在乎。
——《纽约时报》采访记录（2016年11月23日）

But when you look at this tremendous sea of love — I call it a "sea of love" — it's really something special.
—Trump describing a framed photograph of his inauguration crowd during an interview with David Muir, ABC (25 January 2017)
但当你凝视这片浩瀚的爱之海——我称之为“爱之海”——它真的非常特别。
——特朗普在接受美国广播公司大卫·缪尔采访时，描述一张镶在相框里的就职典礼人群的照片（2017年1月25日）

I've always felt the need to pray...I would say that the office is so powerful that you need God even more.
—Trump's interview with David Brody, CBN News (29 January 2017)
我一直觉得有必要祈祷……我想说，总统的权力如此强大，以至于你更需要上帝的帮助。
——特朗普接受大卫·布罗迪采访，CBN新闻（2017年1月29日）

I thought it would be easier.
—Trump discussing his first 100 days in interview with Reuters (April 27, 2017)
我以为会更容易些。
——特朗普接受路透社采访谈及上任后的头100天（2017年4月27日）

And in fact, when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said, "You know, this Russia thing, with Trump and Russia, is a made-up story, it's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election."
—Trump admitting in an interview with NBC's Lester Holt that annoyance at federal investigations was a motivation for firing FBI Director James Comey (11 May 2017)
事实上，当我决定这么做的时候，我对自己说：“你知道，特朗普和俄罗斯之间的‘俄罗斯’事件纯属编造，是民主党为输掉选举找的借口。”
——特朗普在接受美国全国广播公司（NBC）的莱斯特·霍尔特采访时承认，对联邦调查的不满是他解雇联邦调查局局长詹姆斯·科米的动机之一（2017年5月11日）

Chain migration is one of the disasters. You allow one person and in that one person brings in 10 or 12 people
—11 October 2017 being interviewed by Sean Hannity
连锁移民是灾难之一。你允许一个人入境，结果这个人却带来了10到12个人。
——2017年10月11日，肖恩·汉尼提采访

You can take the number of cases and look we're last, meaning we're first.
—Trump was explaining the virus situation, as quoted by James Walker (3 August 2020), "5 Takeaways From Trump's Axios Interview", Newsweek
你可以看看病例数量，看看我们是最后一位，但实际上我们是第一位。
——特朗普正在解释病毒情况，引自詹姆斯·沃克（2020年8月3日），《新闻周刊》“特朗普接受Axios采访的5个要点”

I read a lot. I comprehend extraordinarily well. Probably better than anybody you’ve interviewed in a long time,
—As quoted by Aaron Rupar (3 August 2020), "“They are dying. That’s true. It is what it is.” Trump’s Axios interview was a disaster.", VOX
我读了很多书，理解力超群。可能比你很久以来采访过的任何人都强。
——引自 Aaron Rupar（2020年8月3日）：“他们正在死去。这是真的。事实就是如此。” 特朗普接受 Axios 采访简直是一场灾难。（VOX）

we have done an incredible job, everything is under control [referring to the United states handling of the Covid Pandemic ]
—interview by w:Jonathan Swan of Axios on w:HBO
我们做得非常出色，一切都在掌控之中（指美国对新冠疫情的处理）
——Axios 的乔纳森·斯旺在 HBO 接受采访

We want to do a rally in Florida, probably in Florida on Saturday night, might come back and do one in Pennsylvania on the following night. I feel so good!
Well, what we’re doing is probably, the test will be tomorrow, and the actual test, because there’s no reason to test all the time, but they found very little infection or virus, if any. I don’t know if they found any, I didn’t go into it greatly with the doctors.
—Quoted by Justin Baragona (8 October 2020), "Coughing Through Hannity Interview, Trump Says He Wants to Do Saturday Rally", Daily Beast
我们想在佛罗里达举行集会，可能周六晚上在佛罗里达，之后可能第二天晚上再去宾夕法尼亚州举行。我感觉太好了！
嗯，我们目前在做的可能是，检测会在明天，而且是正式的检测，因为没必要一直检测，但他们发现的感染或病毒很少，如果有的话。我不知道他们有没有发现，我没有和医生详细讨论过。
——引自贾斯汀·巴拉戈纳（2020年10月8日），“特朗普在汉尼提采访中咳嗽，称他想举行周六集会”，《每日野兽》

If you take the vaccine, you're protected. Look, the results of the vaccine are very good, and if you do get it, it's a very minor form. People aren't dying when they take the vaccine.
—6 January 2022, interviewed by Candace Owens, discussing the COVID-19 vaccine; reported in Bruce Y. Lee, "Trump Tells Candace Owens That Covid-19 Vaccines Work: 'One Of The Greatest Achievements Of Mankind'", Forbes (Jan 6, 2022)
如果你接种了疫苗，你就受到了保护。你看，疫苗的效果非常好，而且即使接种了，也只是轻微的副作用。接种疫苗后，人们不会死亡。
——2022年1月6日，坎迪斯·欧文斯采访，讨论新冠疫苗；报道来源：布鲁斯·Y·李，《特朗普告诉坎迪斯·欧文斯，新冠疫苗有效：‘人类最伟大的成就之一’》，《福布斯》（2022年1月6日）

Nobody has any idea where these people are coming from. And we know they come from prisons. We know they come from mental institutions, insane asylums. We know they're terrorists. Nobody has seen anything like we're witnessing right now. It is a very sad thing for our country. It's poisoning the blood of our country. It's so bad.
—The National Pulse interview, quoted in Trump - "Migrants Poisoning the Blood of Our Country". Meidas Touch (2023-10-17).
没人知道这些人来自哪里。我们知道他们来自监狱。我们知道他们来自精神病院。我们知道他们是恐怖分子。没有人见过像我们现在这样的事情。这对我们国家来说是一件非常可悲的事情。它正在毒害我们国家的血液。这太糟糕了。
——《国家脉动》访谈，引自特朗普的文章《移民毒害我们国家的血液》。Meidas Touch（2023年10月17日）。

I had a wonderful life before all this stuff. I didn't know what a grand jury was, I didn't know what a subpoena, what is a subpoena? I had a wonderful life.
—5 October 2023 in spoken interview
在这一切发生之前，我的生活很美好。我当时不知道大陪审团是什么，也不知道传票是什么，传票是什么？但我的生活很美好。
——2023年10月5日，口头采访

I thought she was a little younger, but she's 60
—29 July 2024 about Kamala Harris, cited in "She'll 'destroy the country': Trump rambles about Kamala Harris in new Fox News interview", RawStory. Kamala Harris was born 20 October 1964 so would not turn sixty until 20 October 2024, two weeks prior to the upcoming election - she was actually 59 years 9 months old when he said this
我以为她年轻一点，但她已经60岁了
——关于卡马拉·哈里斯，2024年7月29日，引自“她会‘毁掉这个国家’：特朗普在福克斯新闻新采访中喋喋不休地谈论卡马拉·哈里斯”，RawStory。卡马拉·哈里斯出生于1964年10月20日，所以要到2024年10月20日，也就是即将到来的大选前两周，才会满60岁——实际上，当特朗普说这句话时，她已经59岁9个月了。

If you look at Caracas, it was known for being a very dangerous city and now it's very safe. In fact, the next interview we do, we'll do it in Caracas, Venezuela, because it's safer than many of our cities.
—6 August 2024 "Trump Says Caracas Is 'Safer Than Many of Our Cities'", Miami New Times
如果你看看加拉加斯，你会发现它曾经以危险闻名，但现在却非常安全。事实上，我们下次采访将在委内瑞拉的加拉加斯进行，因为它比我们的许多城市都安全。
——2024年8月6日，《迈阿密新时报》：“特朗普称加拉加斯‘比我们的许多城市都安全’”

The ocean is going to rise one-eighth of an inch over the next 400 years.
—13 August 2024 about sea level rise, which is currently at 4 mm (5/32") per year with an accelerating trend. Quoted in "Trump revisits most divisive talking points in rambling interview with Musk", The Guardian
未来400年，海平面将上升八分之一英寸。
——2024年8月13日，关于海平面上升的预测，目前海平面每年上升4毫米（5/32英寸），且呈加速趋势。引自《卫报》“特朗普在与马斯克的漫谈访谈中重提最具争议的话题”

The biggest threat is nuclear warming.
—13 August 2024 quoted in "Trump revisits most divisive talking points in rambling interview with Musk", The Guardian
最大的威胁是核变暖。
——2024年8月13日，《卫报》“特朗普在与马斯克的漫谈中重提最具争议的话题”

4. Gender and Women
4. 性别与女性

We cannot continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer. Many of the principles of radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions. Remember this, radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti- American. I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people, Christian people, Jewish people are targets of persecution and intimation by radical Islamic preachers of hate and violence. This is not just a national security issue. It's a quality of life issue. If we want to protect the quality of life for all Americans — women and children, gay and straight, Jews and Christians and all people then we need to tell the truth about radical Islam and we need to do it now. We need to tell the truth also about how radical Islam is coming to our shores. And it's coming.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我们不能继续允许成千上万的人涌入我们的国家，其中许多人与这个残暴的杀手有着相同的思维方式。激进伊斯兰教的许多原则与西方的价值观和制度格格不入。请记住，激进伊斯兰教是反女性、反同性恋、反美国的。我绝不允许美国成为同性恋者、基督徒和犹太人遭受激进伊斯兰教仇恨和暴力宣扬者迫害和恐吓的地方。这不仅仅是一个国家安全问题，更是一个生活质量问题。如果我们想要保障所有美国人——无论妇女还是儿童、同性恋还是异性恋、犹太人还是基督徒，以及所有人——的生活质量，那么我们就需要揭露关于激进伊斯兰教的真相，而且我们现在就必须这么做。我们还需要揭露关于激进伊斯兰教如何入侵我们国家的真相。它正在入侵。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

I think that women living in the suburbs—I keep hearing about ‘the suburban woman doesn’t like Trump,’ well, I think it’s a fake poll because why wouldn’t they like me? I keep the suburbs safe.
— August 2024 during a rally in a garage in Howell, Michigan, quoted in "Trump Derails Weird Speech on Crime to Complain Women Hate Him", New Republic
我认为住在郊区的女性——我一直听到有人说“郊区女性不喜欢特朗普”，好吧，我觉得这是个假民调，因为她们怎么会不喜欢我呢？我维护着郊区的安全。
——2024年8月，在密歇根州豪厄尔一个车库的集会上，引自《新共和》杂志“特朗普放弃关于犯罪的奇怪演讲，抱怨女性讨厌他”

My life is seeing everything in terms of "How would I handle that?" Look at the war in Iraq and the mess that we're in. I would never have handled it that way. Does anybody really believe that Iraq is going to be a wonderful democracy where people are going to run down to the voting box and gently put in their ballot and the winner is happily going to step up to lead the county? C'mon. Two minutes after we leave, there's going to be a revolution, and the meanest, toughest, smartest, most vicious guy will take over. And he'll have weapons of mass destruction, which Saddam didn't have. What was the purpose of this whole thing? Hundreds and hundreds of young people killed. And what about the people coming back with no arms and legs? Not to mention the other side. All those Iraqi kids who've been blown to pieces. And it turns out that all of the reasons for the war were blatantly wrong. All this for nothing!
—Esquire magazine (August 2004); "Donald Trump: How I'd Run the Country (Better)" (18 August 2015)
我的生活就是用“我该如何处理？”的心态看待一切。看看伊拉克战争和我们所处的困境。我绝对不会那样处理。真的有人相信伊拉克会成为一个美好的民主国家，人民会跑到投票箱前，轻轻地投出选票，然后获胜者会欣然站出来领导这个国家吗？拜托。我们离开两分钟后，就会爆发一场革命，最卑鄙、最强硬、最聪明、最凶残的人就会接管政权。他会拥有大规模杀伤性武器，而萨达姆没有。这一切的目的是什么？成百上千的年轻人被杀。那些回来时没有胳膊和腿的人怎么办？更不用说另一方了。所有那些被炸得粉身碎骨的伊拉克孩子。事实证明，所有战争的理由都是赤裸裸的错误。这一切都是徒劳的！
——《时尚先生》杂志（2004年8月）； “唐纳德·特朗普：我将如何（更好地）治理国家” （2015 年 8 月 18 日）

It would be really disappointing — not really — but it would depend on what’s inside the magazine. I don’t think Ivanka would do that, although she does have a very nice figure. I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
—On 7 March 2006 during an appearance on the daytime talk show The View while discussing the possibility of Ivanka Trump’s posing for Playboy magazine. As quoted in Did Donald Trump Say He’d Like to Date His Daughter? by Dan Evon, 10 July 2015, Snopes, and quoted with video clip in Adam Withnall (10 October 2016), "Donald Trump's unsettling record of comments about his daughter Ivanka", The Independent (UK)
这确实会令人失望——并非如此——但这取决于杂志的内容。我不认为伊万卡会这么做，尽管她的身材确实很好。我说过，如果伊万卡不是我的女儿，也许我会和她约会。
——2006年3月7日，在日间脱口秀节目《观点》（The View）上，讨论伊万卡·特朗普为《花花公子》杂志拍摄模特的可能性。引自丹·埃文（Dan Evon）于2015年7月10日发表的《唐纳德·特朗普说过他想和女儿约会吗？》（Dan Evon did Donald Trump said He'd Like to Date his Daughter?），斯诺普斯出版社（Snopes）也引用了亚当·威特纳尔（Adam Withnall）（2016年10月10日）的视频片段，题为“唐纳德·特朗普关于女儿伊万卡的令人不安的评论记录”（Donald Trump's unreliable comments record about his daughter Ivanka），英国《独立报》（The Independent）（2016年10月10日）

"When a man leaves a woman, especially when it was perceived that he has left for a piece of ass—a good one!—there are 50 percent of the population who will love the woman who was left," he told me.
—"After the Gold Rush", Vanity Fair, 1 September 1990 by Marie Brenner
“当一个男人离开一个女人，尤其是当人们认为他是为了某个女人——一个好女人——而离开的时候，有50%的人会爱上这个被抛弃的女人，”他告诉我。
——玛丽·布伦纳，《淘金热之后》，《名利场》，1990年9月1日

You have to treat 'em [women] like s--- [sic]
—Reported in Baumgold, Julie (1992-11-09). "Fighting Back: Trump Scrambles off the Canvas". New York 25 (44): p. 43.. Bowdlerization in the original.
你必须像对待狗屎一样对待她们（女人）
——摘自鲍姆戈尔德，朱莉（1992年11月9日）。《反击：特朗普从画布上爬起来》。《纽约》25（44）：第43页。原文有所删节

I'm gonna be dating her in ten years.
—of a 10-year-old girl, in 1992. Emily Schultheis (13 October 2016), "More allegations, questionable Trump comments on women surface", CBS News
十年后我还要和她约会。
——1992年，一个10岁女孩的遭遇。艾米丽·舒尔泰斯（2016年10月13日），“更多指控和特朗普对女性的质疑言论浮出水面”，哥伦比亚广播公司新闻

Well, I think that she's got a lot of Marla [Maples, Trump's second wife], she's a really beautiful baby, and she's got Marla's legs. We don't know whether she's got this part yet [gestures toward own chest], but time will tell...
—On his then-one year old daughter Tiffany, Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous, 1994
嗯，我觉得她很像玛拉（特朗普的第二任妻子梅普尔斯），她是个非常漂亮的宝宝，而且她有玛拉的腿。我们不知道她现在是否已经拥有了这一点（指着自己的胸部），但时间会证明一切……
——谈及当时一岁的女儿蒂芙尼，《富人和名人的生活方式》，1994年

I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
—On Jeffrey Epstein. Quoted in New York, 28 October 2002.
我认识杰夫十五年了。他棒极了，和他在一起很有趣。据说他和我一样喜欢美女，而且很多都比较年轻。毫无疑问，杰弗里很享受他的社交生活。
——谈杰弗里·爱泼斯坦。摘自《纽约客》，2002年10月28日

All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
—Ny Daily News (24 March 2004)
《学徒》里的所有女人都有意无意地跟我调情。这很正常。
——《纽约每日新闻》（2004年3月24日）

I'll go backstage, before a show, and everyone's getting dressed and ready and everything else. And you know, no men are anywhere. And I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. You know I'm inspecting, I want to make sure everything is good, the dresses, "Is everyone OK?", you know they're standing there with no clothes, "Is everybody OK?", and you see these incredible-looking women, and so I sort of get away with things like that.
—Comments about his ownership of Miss Universe on the Howard Stern Show (11 April 2005)
演出开始前，我会去后台，大家都在穿衣打扮，准备就绪。你知道，那里没有男人。我被允许进去，因为我是选美比赛的主办人，所以我会去视察。你知道我会视察，我要确保一切都好，礼服，“大家都好吗？”，你知道她们站在那里一丝不挂，“大家都好吗？”，你会看到这些美艳动人的姑娘，所以我算是侥幸逃脱了这些事情。
——在《霍华德·斯特恩秀》上谈及自己对环球小姐的所有权（2005年4月11日）

They had a person who was extremely proud that a number of the women had become doctors. And I wasn't interested.
—Comments about his ownership of Miss Universe on the Howard Stern Show (11 April 2005)
他们有一个人，对很多女性成为医生感到非常自豪。而我对此不感兴趣。
——在《霍华德·斯特恩秀》上评论他拥有环球小姐的所有权（2005年4月11日）

I did try and fuck her. She was married. I moved on her like a bitch, but I couldn't get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her look. I've gotta use some Tic Tacs, just in case I start kissing her. You know, I'm automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. When you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything... Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything.
—To Billy Bush in 2005; "Transcript: Donald Trump's Taped Comments About Women", The New York Times (8 October 2016)
我确实试过和她上床。她结婚了。我像个婊子一样对她动手动脚，但我没能做到。而且她结婚了。然后我突然看到她，她现在有了那对假的大奶子什么的。她完全变了样。我得吃点Tic Tacs，以防万一我吻了她。你知道吗，我天生就被美女吸引——我会直接吻她们。就像磁铁一样。直接吻。我甚至不需要等待。当你是明星的时候，他们会让你这么做。你可以为所欲为……抓住她们的阴部。你可以为所欲为。
——2005年致比利·布什；《文字记录：唐纳德·特朗普关于女性的录音评论》，《纽约时报》（2016年10月8日）

I cherish women. I want to help women. I'm going to do things for women that no other candidate will be able to do.
—Gregoy Krieg (9 August 2015), "12 times Donald Trump declared his 'respect' for women", CNN
我珍视女性。我想帮助女性。我要为女性做其他候选人无法做到的事情。
——格雷戈伊·克里格（2015年8月9日），“唐纳德·特朗普12次宣称他‘尊重’女性”，CNN

I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.
—Face the Nation, 9 August 2015
我会为女性做出非凡的贡献。我的意思是，我想帮助女性。
——《面向全国》，2015年8月9日

Clinton wants to allow radical Islamic terrorists to pour into our country. They enslave women, and they murder gays. I don't want them in our country.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
克林顿想让激进的伊斯兰恐怖分子涌入我们的国家。他们奴役妇女，杀害同性恋。我不希望他们进入我们的国家。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

She (Hillary Clinton) lacks judgment, she lacks temperament and I'm the one that used unfit many, many months ago. And now they've turned it around, use it on me, unfit? I'm unfit? That's — that's a first. But she lacks the temperament and the moral character to lead this country, its very simple. She really does. She's a dangerous person who doesn't tell the truth which has been proven very loudly. I've never seen a — I don't think we've ever had greater proof of that, of anybody. And she has disregarded the lives of Americans — you see what's happening — with what she has done with her server? And you know why she did that. So, I just look at this, and I said that if she gets elected, she will cause the destruction of this country from within. Remember that. ... She is disdainful of the rules set for everyone else and she hasn't changed a bit. This is — that was the good thing. I couldn't say the bad things. It was too much. Nobody would even — nobody would even believe it. You've got to see this book. Nobody would believe because it's so terrible, so terrible. And she comes across like this woman — nice, easy — but she's not. And — and she's — listen — she's not a leader, not a leader. And she is a liar.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
她（希拉里·克林顿）缺乏判断力，缺乏气质，而我就是那个在很多很多个月前就被说“不称职”的人。现在他们反过来用在我身上，不称职？我就是那个不称职？这——这还是第一次。但她缺乏领导这个国家的气质和道德品质，很简单。她真的缺乏。她是个危险人物，不说实话，这一点已经被充分证明。我从未见过——我想我们从未见过任何人有比这更能证明这一点的证据。她无视美国人的生命——你们看到发生了什么——她对她的服务器做了什么？你们知道她为什么这么做吗？所以，我只是看着这一切，我说如果她当选，她会从内部摧毁这个国家。记住这一点……她蔑视为其他人制定的规则，而且她一点也没有改变。这——这才是好事。我不能说坏话。这太过分了。根本没人会相信。你一定要看看这本书。没人会相信，因为它太糟糕了，太糟糕了。她给人的印象就像个女人——友善、随和——但她不是。而且——而且她——听着——她不是个领导者，不是个领导者。她是个骗子。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

I just wanna thank all of the incredible men and women who have done such a great job in helping with Florence. This is a tough hurricane. One of the wettest we've ever seen from a standpoint of water.
—Trump Describes Hurricane Florence "Wettest We've Seen From Standpoint Of Water"
我只想感谢所有在佛罗伦萨飓风中做出杰出贡献的杰出男女同胞。这是一场猛烈的飓风。从水的角度来看，这是我们见过的最潮湿的飓风之一。
——特朗普形容飓风佛罗伦萨“从水的角度来看，这是我们见过的最潮湿的飓风之一”

Can't you just shoot them? Just shoot them in the legs or something?
—Said in June 2020, about demonstrators in the streets around the White House following the murder of George Floyd, according to former Defense Secretary Mark Esper, quoted in "Scoop: Esper says Trump wanted to shoot protesters", Axios, 2 May 2022
难道不能直接开枪打他们吗？直接打他们的腿之类的？
——据前国防部长马克·埃斯珀称，2020年6月，他谈到乔治·弗洛伊德被谋杀后白宫周围街道上的示威者，引自Axios，2022年5月2日，《独家新闻：埃斯珀称特朗普想开枪打抗议者》

She just died? Wow. I didn't know that. You are telling me now for the first time. She led an amazing life. What else can you say? Whether you agreed or not, she was an amazing woman who led an amazing life. I am actually sad to hear that.
—On the death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg (18 September 2020)
她刚刚去世？哇。我之前都不知道。你现在才第一次告诉我。她过着精彩的人生。你还能说什么呢？不管你同意不同意，她是一位了不起的女性，过着精彩的人生。听到这个消息我真的很伤心。
——关于露丝·巴德·金斯伯格去世（2020年9月18日）

We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!
—Via tweet October 7, 2020
我们应该在圣诞节前让在阿富汗服役的少数勇敢男女军人回家！
——2020年10月7日推文

I'll walk into that audience. I'll walk in there, I'll kiss everyone in that audience. I'll kiss the guys and the beautiful women and the -- everybody. I'll just give everybody a big, fat kiss.
—Quoted by Stephen Collinson (12 October 2020), "Trump mocks virus as he launches potential superspreader sprint to win reelection", CNN
我会走进观众席。我会走进去，亲吻观众席上的每一个人。我会亲吻那些男人、美女，以及——所有人。我会给每个人一个大大的吻。
——斯蒂芬·科林森（2020年10月12日）引述，CNN：“特朗普一边嘲笑病毒，一边发起潜在的超级传播者冲刺，以赢得连任。”

Would you like a nice low-income housing project next to your suburban beautiful ranch style house? Generally speaking, no. I saved your suburbs -- women -- suburban women, you're supposed to love Trump.
—Quoted by Maeve Reston (17 October 2020), "Trump continues bizarre appeals to suburban women as he campaigns in Covid hotspots", CNN
你想在你那栋漂亮的郊区牧场式住宅旁边建一个舒适的低收入住房项目吗？一般来说，不想。我拯救了你的郊区——女人——郊区的女人们，你们应该喜欢特朗普。
——梅芙·雷斯顿（2020年10月17日）引述，CNN：“特朗普在新冠疫情热点地区竞选时，继续对郊区女性进行奇怪的宣传。”

To all of my wonderful supporters, I know you are disappointed, but I also want you to know that our incredible journey is just beginning
—video (2;28) from 4:28pm tweet posted by Ivanka Trump on 7 January 2020
致我所有出色的支持者们，我知道你们很失望，但我也想让你们知道，我们精彩的旅程才刚刚开始。
——视频 (2;28) 伊万卡·特朗普于2020年1月7日下午4:28发布的推文

If our soccer team, headed by a radical group of Leftist Maniacs, wasn’t woke, they would have won the Gold Medal instead of the Bronze.
Woke means you lose, everything that is woke goes bad, and our soccer team certainly has.
They should replace the wokesters with Patriots and start winning again. The woman with the purple hair played terribly and spends too much time thinking about Radical Left politics and not doing her job!
—Said about the US women's national soccer team after winning a bronze medal in the Olympic Games in Tokyo, as quoted in "‘Woke means you lose’: Donald Trump rails at USWNT after Olympic bronze", The Guardian, 5 August 2021
如果我们的足球队，由一群激进的左翼狂热分子领导，没有“觉醒”，他们就会赢得金牌而不是铜牌。
“觉醒”意味着失败，所有“觉醒”的东西都会变坏，我们的足球队当然就是这样。
他们应该用爱国者队取代“觉醒者”，重新开始赢球。那个紫发女人踢得很糟糕，把太多时间花在思考激进左翼政治上，而不是做好自己的本职工作！
——在东京奥运会上获得铜牌后，有人这样评价美国女足国家队，引自《卫报》，2021年8月5日《卫报》“‘觉醒意味着失败’：唐纳德·特朗普在奥运会获得铜牌后抨击美国女足国家队”

The “shocking and totally unexpected” loss by the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team to Sweden is fully emblematic of what is happening to the our once great Nation under Crooked Joe Biden. Many of our players were openly hostile to America - No other country behaved in such a manner, or even close. WOKE EQUALS FAILURE. Nice shot Megan, the USA is going to Hell!!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110845290114601452
美国女足输给瑞典，这“令人震惊且完全出乎意料”，充分体现了我们曾经伟大的国家在“骗子”乔·拜登的领导下正在经历的境遇。我们的许多球员公开对美国抱有敌意——没有其他国家表现出这种态度，甚至比美国更甚。觉醒等于失败。梅根，你真棒，美国要下地狱了！！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110845290114601452

So I said, ‘Let me ask you a question. Nobody ever asked this question. And it must be because of MIT. My relationship to MIT. Very smart. I say, What would happen if the boat sank from its weight? And you’re in the boat and you have this tremendously powerful battery, and the battery is now underwater, and there’s a shark that’s approximately 10 yards over there. By the way, a lot of shark attacks lately. You notice that? A lot of shark. I watch some guys justifying it today. ‘Well, they weren’t really that angry. They bit off the young lady’s leg because of the fact that they were — they were not hungry, but they misunderstood what - who she was.’ These people are crazy. ‘There’s no problem with sharks. They just didn’t really understand a young woman swimming. No really got decimated and other people too, a lot of shark attacks. So I said, ‘So there’s a shark 10 yards away from the boat, 10 yards or here. Do I get electrocuted? If the boat is sinking, water goes over the battery, the boat is sinking. Do I stay on top of the boat and get electrocuted? Or do I jump over by the shark and not get electrocuted? ‘You know, nobody’s ever asked me that question.’ I said, ‘I think it’s a good question. I think there’s a lot of electric current coming through that water.’ But you know what I’d do if there was a shark or you get electrocuted? I’ll take electrocution every single time. I’m not getting near the shark!
—10 June 2024 "Cognitive Decline? Trump Short-Circuits During Bonkers Rant", The New Republic
于是我说：“让我问你一个问题。从来没人问过这个问题。这肯定是因为麻省理工学院，因为我和麻省理工学院的关系。非常聪明。”我说：“如果船因为自身重量沉没会怎么样？你当时在船上，船上有一个非常强大的电池，电池现在在水下，而那边大约10码的地方有一条鲨鱼。”顺便说一句，最近鲨鱼袭击事件频发。你注意到了吗？很多鲨鱼。今天我看到一些人为鲨鱼袭击事件辩解。“嗯，它们其实并没有那么生气。它们咬掉了那位年轻女士的腿，因为它们——它们并不饿，但它们误解了——她是谁。”这些人疯了。“鲨鱼本身没什么问题。它们只是不太理解一位年轻女士在游泳。真的没有人被鲨鱼咬死，其他人也一样，很多鲨鱼袭击事件。”所以我说：“所以，离船10码的地方有一条鲨鱼，10码，或者这里。”我会触电吗？如果船下沉，水漫过电池，船就会下沉。我会待在船顶触电吗？还是我会从鲨鱼旁边跳过去，这样就不会触电了？“你知道，从来没有人问过我这个问题。”我说：“我觉得这是个好问题。我觉得水里有很多电流。”但你知道如果遇到鲨鱼或者触电了我会怎么做吗？我每次都宁愿触电。我才不会靠近鲨鱼！
——2024年6月10日 《新共和》杂志 “认知衰退？特朗普在疯狂咆哮中失控”

I am much better looking than her. I’m a better looking person than Kamala.
I say that I’m much better looking than her. I had never heard that one. They said her biggest advantage was that she’s a beautiful-looking woman. Ha. I’d never thought of that.
I said, who am I running against, Harris? I said, ‘Who the hell is Harris?'
Joe Biden hates her.
They will say he’s rambling. I don’t ramble. I’m a really smart guy,
—18 August 2024 per "Trump: ‘I’m Better Looking than Kamala—and Don’t Say I Ramble’", The Daily Beast
我比她好看多了。我比卡玛拉好看多了。
我说我比她好看多了。我以前从来没听过这种说法。他们说她最大的优势就是长得漂亮。哈哈，我从来没想过这个。
我说，我的对手是谁？哈里斯？我说：“哈里斯到底是谁？”
乔·拜登讨厌她。
他们会说他喋喋不休。我不喋喋不休。我是个非常聪明的人。
——2024年8月18日，《每日野兽》“特朗普：‘我比卡玛拉好看——别说我喋喋不休’”

My Administration will be great for women and their reproductive rights.
—23 August 2024 Truth Social
我的政府将为女性及其生育权利做出巨大贡献。
——2024年8月23日 真相社会

I’m the father of IVF.
—"Fact check: Trump makes at least 19 false claims in one-hour Fox town hall with women", CNN (October 16, 2024)
我是试管婴儿之父。
——“事实核查：特朗普在福克斯与女性的一小时市政厅会议上至少提出19条虚假陈述”，CNN（2024年10月16日）

5. Race, Religion, Immigration
5. 种族、宗教与移民

I’ve spoken to the biggest crowds. Nobody’s spoken to crowds bigger than me. If you look at Martin Luther King when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people, if not we had more. And they said he had a million people, but I had 25,000 people.
Nobody was killed on Jan. 6.
The presidency was taken away from Joe Biden, and I’m no Biden fan, but I tell you what, from a constitutional standpoint, from any standpoint you look at, they took the presidency away.
Twenty million people came over the border during the Biden-Harris administration — 20 million people — and it could be very much higher than that. Nobody really knows.
—9 August 2024 quoted in "FACT FOCUS: A look at claims made by Trump at news conference", AP News
我曾对最庞大的人群发表过演讲。没有人比我面对的人群更庞大。如果你看看马丁·路德·金的演讲，他那场伟大的演讲，再看看我们，同样的房地产，同样的一切，同样的人数，甚至更多。他们说他有100万人，但我只有2.5万人。
1月6日没有人遇难。
总统职位被从乔·拜登手中夺走，我不是拜登的粉丝，但我告诉你，从宪法的角度来看，从任何角度来看，他们都夺走了总统职位。
在拜登-哈里斯政府执政期间，有2000万人越过边境——2000万人——而且实际人数可能远高于这个数字。没有人真正知道。
——2024年8月9日，引自美联社新闻“事实聚焦：审视特朗普在新闻发布会上的言论”

I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will have Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.
—Campaign launch rally, 15 June 2015
我将在我们的南部边境修建一堵宏伟的墙，而且费用将由墨西哥承担。记住我的话。
——竞选启动集会，2015年6月15日

And I had an idea recently. When they send illegals into our country, we charge Mexico $100,000 for every illegal that crosses that border because it's trouble.
—"Fox News "Hannity"- Transcript: Trump On El Chappo And Undocumented Immigration", Fox News, 15 July 2015
我最近有个主意。当他们把非法移民送进我们国家时，我们会向墨西哥收取每名非法移民10万美元的费用，因为这会惹麻烦。
——“福克斯新闻《汉尼提》——文字记录：特朗普谈埃尔·查波和无证移民”，福克斯新闻，2015年7月15日

I'm a Republican, I'm a conservative, I'm in first place, I want to run as a Republican and I think I'll get the nomination... [Hillary Clinton] is easily the worst Secretary of State in the history of the country. She's going to be beaten and I'm the one to beat her.
—"Donald Trump tours Mexican border with Texas", BBC, 23 July 2015
我是共和党人，我是保守派，我排在第一位，我想以共和党人的身份参选，而且我认为我会获得提名……[希拉里·克林顿]无疑是美国历史上最糟糕的国务卿。她会被击败，而我就是那个击败她的人。
——“唐纳德·特朗普视察墨西哥与德克萨斯州边境”，BBC，2015年7月23日

I'm very angry because our country is being run horribly and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger. Our military is a disaster. Our healthcare is a horror show. Obamacare, we're going to repeal it and replace it. We have no borders. Our vets are being treated horribly. Illegal immigration is beyond belief. Our country is being run by incompetent people. And yes, I am angry. I'm angry because our country is a mess.
—Full Transcript of the Sixth Republican Debate in Charleston, Time (14 January 2016).
我非常愤怒，因为我们的国家治理得一团糟，我欣然接受这份愤怒。我们的军队是一场灾难。我们的医疗保健简直是一场噩梦。奥巴马医改，我们要废除它，用它取而代之。我们没有边界。我们的退伍军人遭受着可怕的待遇。非法移民数量令人难以置信。我们的国家正由无能之人治理。是的，我很愤怒。我愤怒，因为我们的国家一团糟。
——《时代》杂志查尔斯顿第六场共和党辩论全文（2016年1月14日）

Hillary Clinton, for months, and despite so many attacks, repeatedly refused to even say the words radical Islam until I challenged her yesterday. And, guess what, she will probably say them. She sort of has said them, but let's see what happens. She really has no choice, but she doesn't want to. However, she's really been forced, and she has been forced to say these words. She supports, and the reason is, she supports so much of what is wrong, and what is wrong with this country, and what's going wrong with our country and our borders. She has no clue, in my opinion, what radical Islam is and she won't speak honestly about it if she does, in fact, know. She's in total denial, and her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the entire world — true weakness.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
几个月来，希拉里·克林顿尽管遭受了如此多的攻击，却一直拒绝提及“激进伊斯兰”这个词，直到昨天我向她提出质疑。你猜怎么着，她很可能会说出来。她好像说过，但让我们拭目以待。她真的别无选择，但她不想说。然而，她实际上是被迫的，被迫说出这些话。她支持，原因是，她支持太多错误的事情，支持这个国家的错误，支持我们国家和边境正在发生的事情。在我看来，她根本不知道什么是激进伊斯兰，即使她知道，也不会坦诚地谈论它。她完全否认，而她始终不愿点名敌人，这向全世界展现了她的软弱——真正的软弱。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

Our jobs have moved overseas, Islamic terrorism has spread within our shores and an open border has crushed low-income workers and threatened our security. The issues we face here in America are similar to the issues faced in Britain during their referendum on membership in the EU. This is the movement known as Brexit
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
我们的工作岗位转移到海外，伊斯兰恐怖主义在我国境内蔓延，开放的边境压垮了低收入工人，威胁着我们的安全。我们在美国面临的问题与英国在欧盟成员国公投期间面临的问题类似。这就是所谓的“脱欧”运动。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司（CBS）和《印度教徒报》（2016年8月24日）

The border with the Sahara can't be bigger than ours with Mexico.
—In a phone call to Spain's foreign minister, Josep Borrell, in the context of Trump's idea for Spain to build a border wall across Sahara dessert to stem Spain's Mediterranean migrant crisis.Foreign minister: Trump advised Spain to build wall across Sahara to stop migrants
我们与撒哈拉沙漠的边界不可能比我们与墨西哥的边界更大。
——在与西班牙外交部长何塞普·博雷利的电话中，特朗普提议西班牙在撒哈拉沙漠修建边境墙，以阻止西班牙地中海移民危机。外交部长：特朗普建议西班牙在撒哈拉沙漠修建边境墙，以阻止移民

I also created a White House virus task force. It's a big thing, a virus task force. I requested 2.5 billion dollars to ensure we have the resources we need. The Democrats said, "That's terrible. He's doing the wrong thing. He needs eight and a half billion, not two and a half." I've never had that before. I ask for two and a half, they want to give me eight and a half, so I said, "I'll take it." Does that make me a bad... I'll take it. I'll take it. I never had that before. I never had it. We want two and a half million. That's plenty. We demand you take eight and a half. He doesn't know what he's doing. We want eight and a half. These people are crazy. We must understand that border security is also health security. And you've all seen the wall has gone up like magic. It's gone up like magic. You think that was an easy one? That was not an easy one. It's going up great and we're up now 132 miles and this is the exact wall that border security, water, everything.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
我还成立了白宫病毒特别工作组。这可是个大事，一个病毒特别工作组。我申请了25亿美元，以确保我们拥有所需的资源。民主党人说：“这太糟糕了。他做错了。他需要85亿美元，而不是25亿美元。” 我以前从未收到过这样的金额。我要求25亿美元，他们却想给我85亿美元，所以我说：“我接受。” 这会让我变成坏人吗……我接受。我接受。我以前从未收到过这样的金额。我从来没有收到过这样的金额。我们要250万美元。这已经足够了。我们要求你们接受850万美元。他不知道自己在做什么。我们要850万美元。这些人疯了。我们必须明白，边境安全也是健康安全。你们都看到了，边境墙就像魔术一样建起来了。它就像魔术一样建起来了。你们认为这很容易吗？这可不是件容易的事。进展顺利，现在已经建了132英里，这就是边境安全、水资源以及所有一切的墙。
——唐纳德·特朗普，南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020年2月28日）

I know nothing about the project other than I didn't like when I read about it, I didn't like it.
I think it's a very sad thing for Mr. Bannon. I didn't know any of the other people, either.
—Trump talked about the private "We build the wall" project, as quoted by Andrew Kaczynski, Em Steck (20 August 2020), "Fact check: Trump knows most people involved in private border wall project, despite claiming not to", CNN
我对这个项目一无所知，除了读到相关报道时觉得不太喜欢，真的不喜欢。
我认为这对班农先生来说非常可悲。其他人我也不认识。
——特朗普谈到私人的“我们建墙”项目，引自安德鲁·卡钦斯基，Em Steck（2020年8月20日），“事实核查：特朗普认识大多数参与私人边境墙项目的人，尽管他声称不认识”，CNN

The stated goal of BLM people is to achieve the destruction of the nuclear family, abolish the police, abolish prisons, abolish border security, abolish capitalism and abolish school choice.
—Claimed about the Black Lives Matter movement, as quoted in Graeme Massie (25 September 2020), "Donald Trump launches blistering attack on the Black Lives Matter movement", Independent.co.uk
BLM 人士声称的目标是摧毁核心家庭、废除警察、废除监狱、废除边境安全、废除资本主义以及废除择校权。
——Graeme Massie（2020 年 9 月 25 日）在 Independent.co.uk 发表的关于“黑人的命也是命”运动的言论，题为“唐纳德·特朗普对‘黑人的命也是命’运动发起猛烈攻击”。

And China, the same thing, they never treated us that way, right? You saw what happened a few days ago, was terrible, and uh, the border is not good, the border is the worst anybody’s ever seen it, and what you see now, multiply it times 10, Jim — he’s the only one I know who would handle the border tougher than me. We have to, and the tough is…in the most humanitarian way, because that’s what it is. What’s happening to the kids, they’re living in squalor, they are living like nobody has ever seen anybody, there’s never been anything like what’s, and you’re gonna have hundreds, and you have it now, they have the airplane photos, the shocks, and they call ’em shocks, and these things are showing thousands and thousands of people coming up from South America and it’s gonna be, it’s just uh, look, it’s a disaster. It’s a humanitarian disaster from their standpoint, and it’s gonna destroy the country, and frankly, the country can’t afford it because you’re talking about massive, just incredibly massive amounts. Our school systems, our hospital systems, everything.
—Wedding toast, quoted by Bess Levin (29 March 2021), Of course Donald Trump crashed a wedding a gave a rambling, incoherent speech about Biden, Iran and China, Vanity Fair
中国也是一样，他们从来没那样对待过我们，对吧？你看到了几天前发生的事情，太可怕了，而且呃，边境也不好，是人们见过的最糟糕的边境，而你现在看到的情况，乘以10，吉姆——他是我认识的唯一一个会比我更严厉处理边境问题的人。我们必须这样做，而这种严厉是……以最人道主义的方式，因为这就是事实。孩子们正在经历什么？他们生活在肮脏的环境中，他们的生活就像我们从未见过的任何人一样，从来没有发生过这样的事情，你会有数百人，你现在也看到了，他们有飞机照片，令人震惊，他们称之为震惊，这些东西显示成千上万的人从南美洲涌来，这将是，这只是，呃，看，这是一场灾难。从他们的角度来看，这是一场人道主义灾难，它会摧毁这个国家。坦白说，这个国家承受不起，因为你谈论的是巨额损失，简直是巨额的。我们的学校系统、医院系统，一切都是如此。
——婚礼祝酒词，贝丝·莱文 (2021年3月29日) 引用，唐纳德·特朗普当然会破坏婚礼，并发表一篇关于拜登、伊朗和中国的漫无目的、语无伦次的演讲，《名利场》

24 HOURS UNTIL WE UNLEASH HELL. At this time tomorrow, Crooked Kamala’s worst nightmares come true.
Tomorrow I step on stage and deliver Open Border Czar Kamala Harris the WORST defeat of her failed political career.
—2 August 2024 campaign e-mail from Trump, cited in "Trump vows to ‘unleash hell’ on Harris at Atlanta rally", The Hill
距离我们释放地狱还有24小时。明天这个时候，骗子卡玛拉最可怕的噩梦就要成真了。
明天我将登上舞台，向开放边境沙皇卡玛拉·哈里斯宣判她失败的政治生涯中最糟糕的失败。
——特朗普2024年8月2日的竞选邮件，引自《国会山报》“特朗普誓言在亚特兰大集会上‘向哈里斯‘释放地狱’”

It's time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are Black or Brown or White, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American flag. And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska, they look up at the same night sky, they fill their heart with the same dreams, and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty Creator. So to all Americans in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, from ocean to ocean, hear these words: You will never be ignored again. Your voice, your hopes, and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way. Together, we will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And, yes, together, we will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you. God bless America.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
是时候铭记我们士兵永远不会忘记的古老智慧了：无论我们是黑人、棕色人种还是白人，我们都流淌着爱国者的鲜血，我们都享有同样光荣的自由，我们都向同一面伟大的美国国旗致敬。无论孩子出生在底特律的繁华都市，还是内布拉斯加州风吹草动的平原，他们都仰望着同一片夜空，心中怀揣着同样的梦想，都被同一位全能的造物主赋予了生命的气息。因此，所有美国人民，无论远近，无论大小，无论山高水远，跨越海洋，请听我说：你们永远不会再被忽视。你们的声音、你们的希望和你们的梦想将决定我们美国的命运。你们的勇气、善良和爱将永远指引我们前行。携手共进，我们将使美国再次强大。我们将使美国再次富裕。我们将使美国再次感到自豪。我们将使美国再次安全。是的，携手共进，我们将使美国再次伟大。谢谢你们。上帝保佑你们，上帝保佑美国。谢谢大家。上帝保佑美国。
——就职演说（2017年1月20日）

National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom, purpose, and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations.
—early 31 January 2019 proclamation on WhiteHouse.gov regarding black history month. reposted 1 February 2019 on Twitter
全国非裔美国人历史月是重新发现非裔美国人不朽故事的机会，以及他们赋予子孙后代的自由、目标和机遇。
——2019年1月31日早些时候在WhiteHouse.gov上发布的关于黑人历史月的声明。2019年2月1日在推特上转发

Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country, and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I don’t blame them!
—Quoted in Kimmy Yam (12 May 2020), "Trump claims Asian Americans are angry at 'what China has done' to U.S.", Yahoo News / NBC News
亚裔美国人对中国对我们国家乃至世界的所作所为感到非常愤怒。华裔美国人是最愤怒的。我不怪他们！
——摘自《Kimmy Yam》（2020年5月12日）“特朗普声称亚裔美国人对‘中国对美国所作所为’感到愤怒”，雅虎新闻/NBC新闻

Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?
—Trump repeated suggestions, without providing evidence, regarding the peaceful protester Martin Gugino who suffered brain damage after being handled brutally by the police. Quoted by Cameron Frew (9 June 2020), "Trump Accuses 75-Year-Old Knocked Down By Buffalo Police Of Faking Fall", UNILAD
被警方推搡的布法罗抗议者可能是“反法西斯主义”（ANTIFA）的煽动者。75岁的马丁·古吉诺（Martin Gugino）似乎是为了屏蔽警方的通讯设备而扫描了警方的通讯，却被推倒。@OANN 我观察了一下，他摔倒的力度比被推倒的力度更大。他当时正在瞄准扫描仪。这可能是个陷阱？
——特朗普重复了关于和平抗议者马丁·古吉诺（Martin Gugino）的猜测，但没有提供证据。古吉诺在遭到警方粗暴对待后脑部受损。卡梅伦·弗鲁（Cameron Frew）（2020年6月9日）引用，“特朗普指责被布法罗警方击倒的75岁老人假装摔倒”，UNILAD

[climate change was] "created by and for the Chinese in order to make US manufacturing non-competitive"
—said in 2012 according to What does Trump actually believe on climate change?
[气候变化]“是由中国人制造的，也是为中国人制造的，目的是让美国制造业失去竞争力”
——据2012年《特朗普对气候变化究竟持什么看法？》报道。

I didn't know it was going to be this severe.
—"Trump stands by statements on Mexican illegal immigrants, surprised by backlash", FoxNews.com, 4 July 2015
我没想到事情会这么严重。
——“特朗普坚持有关墨西哥非法移民的声明，对强烈反对感到意外”，FoxNews.com，2015年7月4日

I would certainly implement that. Absolutely... There should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems... They have to be. They have to be... It's all about management.
—As quoted in "Donald Trump Says He Supports a Database and ID Cards to Track Muslims in the U.S.: 'We're Going to Have to Look at the Mosques'" (20 November 2015), by Char Adams, People.
我肯定会实施。绝对会……除了数据库之外，应该有很多系统。我们应该有很多系统……必须有。必须有……一切都关乎管理。
——引自《人物》杂志查尔·亚当斯 (Char Adams) 的文章《唐纳德·特朗普称他支持建立数据库和身份证来追踪美国穆斯林：‘我们得去看看清真寺了’》(2015年11月20日)

Get him the hell out of here.
—As quoted in "Trump supporters, Black Lives Matter protester clash at rally" (21 November 2015), by Reena Flores, CBS News, CBS Interactive, Inc.
把他赶出去。
——摘自Reena Flores撰写的《特朗普支持者与“黑人的命也是命”抗议者在集会上发生冲突》（2015年11月21日），CBS新闻，CBS互动公司

But you cannot say anymore that the United States is going to pay for the wall. I am just going to say that we are working it out. Believe it or not, this is the least important thing that we are talking about, but politically this might be the most important talk about.
—Full transcripts of Trump's calls with Mexico and Australia By Greg Miller, Julie Vitkovskaya and Reuben Fischer-Baum; Aug. 3, 2017 (Friday, January 27, 2017)
但你不能再说美国会为这堵墙买单了。我只能说，我们正在解决这个问题。信不信由你，这是我们讨论的最不重要的事情，但从政治角度来看，这或许是最重要的话题。
——特朗普与墨西哥和澳大利亚通话全文，格雷格·米勒、朱莉·维特科夫斯卡娅和鲁本·菲舍尔-鲍姆撰稿；2017年8月3日（2017年1月27日，星期五）

I want every American to succeed including Muslims. But the Muslims have to work with us. They have to work with us. They know what's going on. They know that he was bad. They knew the people in San Bernardino were bad. But you know what? They didn't turn them in. And you know what? We had death, and destruction.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我希望每个美国人都能成功，包括穆斯林。但穆斯林必须与我们合作。他们必须与我们合作。他们知道发生了什么。他们知道他很坏。他们知道圣贝纳迪诺的人很坏。但你知道吗？他们没有举报他们。你知道吗？我们经历了死亡和毁灭。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

Immigration security, we need to protect American jobs. We need to protect American safety. We're going to build a wall folks, don't worry, we're going to build a wall. That wall will go up so fast, your heads will spin. And you'll say, "you know, know he meant it!" And you know what else I mean? Mexico is going to pay for the wall.
—On immigration at a rally in Akron, Ohio (22 August 2016)
移民安全，我们需要保护美国人的就业。我们需要保护美国人的安全。我们要建墙，各位，别担心，我们要建墙。那堵墙会建得很快，你们会头晕目眩。你们会说：“你知道，他就是认真的！” 你们明白我的意思吗？这堵墙要由墨西哥出钱。
——俄亥俄州阿克伦市集会上关于移民问题的发言（2016年8月22日）

I am very proud now that we have a museum on the National Mall where people can learn about Reverend King, so many other things, Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who’s done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more, I notice. Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, and millions more black Americans who made [[America] what it is today. Big impact
—Donald Trump's Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass February 1, 2017
我非常自豪，现在我们在国家广场上有了一座博物馆，人们可以在这里了解马丁·路德·金牧师以及其他许多事情。弗雷德里克·道格拉斯就是一个例子，他做出了非凡的贡献，而且我注意到他越来越受到认可。哈丽特·塔布曼、罗莎·帕克斯，以及数百万其他美国黑人，是他们成就了今天的美国。巨大的影响
——唐纳德·特朗普《弗雷德里克·道格拉斯生平记》 2017年2月1日

The Jews always flip.
—attested to by Michael Wolff 28 May 2019
犹太人总是变卦。
——迈克尔·沃尔夫证实于2019年5月28日

If I don’t win the election, China will own the United States — you will have to learn to speak Chinese!
—Quoted by Justin Paragona (12 August 2020), "Trump: If I Lose to Biden, Get Ready to ‘Have to Learn to Speak Chinese’", Daily Beast
如果我赢不了大选，美国就被中国占领了——你得学说中文！
——引自贾斯汀·帕拉戈纳（2020年8月12日），《特朗普：如果我输给拜登，准备好‘得学说中文’》，《每日野兽》

My plan: we’re gonna crush the virus very quickly. It’s happening already. It’s happening.
And Mexico is paying for the wall, by the way. You know that. I’ve been saying it. They hate to hear that. But they’re paying.
We passed VA Choice.
—Claimed as quoted by Aldous Pennyfarthing (14 October 2020), "Trump’s lies are getting sillier, stupider, and staler. Last night’s superspreader rally was a doozy", Daily sound and fury
我的计划是：我们要迅速消灭病毒。这已经在发生了。它正在发生。
顺便说一句，墨西哥正在为建墙买单。你知道的。我一直在说。他们讨厌听到这个。但他们正在付钱。
我们通过了退伍军人选择权法案。
——据奥尔德斯·彭尼法辛（Aldous Pennyfarthing）（2020年10月14日）称，“特朗普的谎言越来越愚蠢、越来越陈腐。昨晚的超级传播者集会真是太棒了”，《每日喧嚣与愤怒》

We're not entering a dark winter, we are entering the final turn and the light at the end of the tunnel
—Said on October 23, 2020 According to Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace 
我们并非即将步入黑暗的冬天，而是即将迎来最后的转折点，迎来隧道尽头的光明。
——2020年10月23日，据福克斯周日新闻主持人克里斯·华莱士报道

A very sad day for America, and it was also very sad driving through Washington, D.C., and seeing the filth and decay and all of the broken buildings and walls and the graffiti. This is not the place that I left. It’s a very sad thing to see it.
—https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-tells-reporters-if-you-cant-beat-him-you-persecute-him-or-you-prosecute-him/
对美国来说，这是非常悲伤的一天。开车穿过华盛顿特区，看到这里污秽不堪、破败不堪、残破不堪的建筑、墙壁和涂鸦，也让我感到无比悲伤。这里已经不是我离开时的那个地方了。看到这样的场景，我感到无比悲伤。
——https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-tells-reporters-if-you-cant-beat-him-you-persecute-him-or-you-prosecute-him/

6. International Affairs
6. 国际事务

Wolf Blitzer: Donald, you're beginning to sound a little ridiculous, I have to tell you.
Donald Trump: No I think you are, Wolf. Now let me tell you something, I think you sound ridiculous, and if you'd ask me a question and let me answer it —
Trump: That's right. That's right. And many people put those announcements in because they wanted to get the benefit because of getting so-called born in this country. Many people did it. It was something that was done by many people even though they weren't born in the country. You know and so do I... And so do a lot of your viewers. Although you don't have too many viewers.
Donald Trump (clip): I have people that actually have been studying it and they cannot believe what they're finding.
Meredith Vieira (clip): You have people now, down there searching—
Trump (clip): Absolutely.
Vieira (clip): I mean, in Hawaii?
Trump (clip): Absolutely. And they cannot believe what they're finding.
Wolf Blitzer: All right, tell us what your people who were investigating in Hawaii, what they found.
Trump: Oh, we don't have to go into old news. That's old news.
Blitzer: Well, what did they find?
Trump: There's been plenty found. You can call many people. You can read many, many articles on the authenticity of the certificate. You can read many articles from just recently as to what the publisher printed in a brochure as to what Obama told him, as to where his place of birth is. And that's fine, Wolf.
Now, it's appropriate, I think, that we get to the subject of hand, which is — at hand, which is jobs, which is the economy, which is how our country is not doing well at all under this leadership, which is how are we going to do something about energy, which is really that things that I wanted to talk to you about, but you like to keep going back to the place of birth.
Blitzer: Here's the question, did the conspiracy start in 1961 where the Honolulu Star-Bulletin and the Honolulu Advertiser contemporaneously published announcements that he was born in Hawaii?
—The Situation Room, CNN, 29 May 2012, quoted in Elizabeth Flock (29 May 2012), "Wolf Blitzer Spars With Donald Trump Over Obama's Birth Certificate", US News & World Report. Referring to a 1991 promotional booklet by literary agency Acton & Dystel with bios of 89 authors, that erroneously described Barack Obama as "born in Kenya".
沃尔夫·布利策：唐纳德，我得告诉你，你现在听起来有点可笑了。
唐纳德·特朗普：不，沃尔夫，我觉得你确实可笑。现在让我告诉你，我觉得你听起来很可笑，如果你问我一个问题，让我来回答——
特朗普：没错。没错。很多人发布这些声明，是因为他们想因为所谓的出生在这个国家而获得好处。很多人都这么做。很多人即使不是在这个国家出生，也这么做。你知道，我也知道……你的很多观众也知道。虽然你的观众不多。
唐纳德·特朗普（片段）：我有人一直在研究它，他们简直不敢相信自己的发现。
梅雷迪思·维埃拉（片段）：现在有人在下面搜索——
特朗普（片段）：绝对的。
维埃拉（片段）：我是说，在夏威夷？
特朗普（片段）：绝对没错。他们简直不敢相信自己的发现。
沃尔夫·布利策：好的，告诉我们你们在夏威夷调查的人发现了什么。
特朗普：哦，我们不必翻旧闻。那都是旧闻了。
布利策：那么，他们发现了什么？
特朗普：已经有很多发现。你可以打电话给很多人。你可以阅读很多关于证书真实性的文章。你可以阅读最近发表的很多文章，比如出版商在小册子里印了什么，奥巴马告诉他什么，以及他的出生地在哪里。沃尔夫，没问题。
现在，我认为我们应该谈谈“手头”这个话题，也就是就业，经济，我们国家在现任领导下表现不佳，我们将如何应对能源问题，这些才是我想和你谈的事情，但你却喜欢一直回到出生地的问题上。
布利策：问题是，这个阴谋是否始于1961年，当时《檀香山星报》和《檀香山广告报》同时刊登公告称奥巴马出生在夏威夷？
——CNN《战情室》，2012年5月29日，引自伊丽莎白·弗洛克（2012年5月29日）的文章《沃尔夫·布利策与唐纳德·特朗普就奥巴马出生证明发生争执》，《美国新闻与世界报道》。文中提到，1991年，文学代理公司Acton & Dystel出版了一本宣传册，其中列出了89位作家的简历，错误地将巴拉克·奥巴马描述为“出生于肯尼亚”。

Deaths in the U.S. are way down.
For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!
We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World.
Job growth is biggest in history.
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected.
—As quoted by Calvin Woodward, Hope Yen, and Christopher Rugaber (11 July 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump keeps repeating false pandemic information", Sentinel Colorado
美国的死亡人数大幅下降。
与其他疫情防控工作远不如我们的国家相比，我们之所以出现如此多的病例，这千分之一倍地证明，是因为我们的检测规模更大、质量更高。我们已经检测了4000万人。如果我们只检测2000万人，病例数就会减半，等等。没有报道！
我们的死亡率是全球最低的。
就业增长速度创历史新高。
经济和就业的增长速度远超任何人（除了我！）的预期。
——卡尔文·伍德沃德、霍普·延和克里斯托弗·鲁加伯（2020年7月11日）撰文：“美联社事实核查：特朗普不断重复虚假的疫情信息”，《科罗拉多哨兵报》

We're going to have something that you won't even believe. We will end inflation, slash prices. We've already ended inflation, raise wages, and give you the greatest economy in the history of the world.
—Trump Teases 'Biggest Bill Ever Passed' and 'Military Supremacy' During Anniversary Rally Yahoo! News (April 29, 2025)
我们将会实现一些你们甚至难以置信的事情。我们将终结通货膨胀，大幅削减物价。我们已经终结了通货膨胀，提高了工资，并给你们带来了世界历史上最伟大的经济。
——特朗普在周年纪念集会上调侃“史上最大法案”和“军事霸权” 雅虎新闻（2025年4月29日）

Well, I don't see it. I spoke with Bibi, I told Bibi.
And, you know, we give Israel $4.5 billion a year.
And they're doing very well defending themselves, if you take a look.
So that's the way it is.
The United States cannot continue to be the policeman of the world,
We don't want to do that.
—27 December 2018 re Benjamin Netanyahu
嗯，我不这么认为。我和比比谈过了，我告诉过比比。
而且，你知道，我们每年给以色列45亿美元。
如果你仔细看看，他们自卫做得非常好。
所以就是这样。
美国不能继续当世界警察，
我们不想这样做。
——2018年12月27日，关于本杰明·内塔尼亚胡

They were the citizens of free and independent nations, united by their duty to their compatriots and to millions yet unborn. There were the British, whose nobility and fortitude saw them through the worst of Dunkirk and the London Blitz. The full violence of Nazi fury was no match for the full grandeur of British pride. Thank you. There were the Canadians, whose robust sense of honor and loyalty compelled them to take up arms alongside Britain from the very, very beginning. There were the fighting Poles, the tough Norwegians, and the intrepid Aussies. There were the gallant French commandos, soon to be met by thousands of their brave countrymen ready to write a new chapter in the long history of French valor. And finally, there were the Americans. They came from the farms of a vast heartland, the streets of glowing cities and the forges of mighty industrial towns. Before the war, many had never ventured beyond their own community. Now they had come to offer their lives half a world from home.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
他们是自由独立国家的公民，因对同胞以及数百万尚未出生的子民的责任而团结在一起。其中有英国人，他们的高贵品质和坚韧不拔的精神帮助他们度过了敦刻尔克大撤退和伦敦大轰炸的艰难时期。纳粹的暴怒无法与英国人满怀的自豪感相提并论。谢谢。还有加拿大人，他们强烈的荣誉感和忠诚感驱使他们从一开始就拿起武器与英国并肩作战。还有奋勇作战的波兰人、坚韧不拔的挪威人和勇敢无畏的澳大利亚人。还有英勇的法国突击队员，他们即将与成千上万的英勇同胞相遇，准备在法国英勇的悠久历史中书写新的篇章。最后，还有美国人。他们来自广阔腹地的农场、繁华都市的街道和强大工业城镇的熔炉。战前，许多人从未离开过自己的社区。现在，他们来到远离家乡半个地球的地方，献出自己的生命。 
——在法国滨海科勒维尔纪念诺曼底登陆75周年的演讲。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

The men behind me will tell you that they are just the lucky ones. As one of them recently put it, "All the heroes are buried here." But we know what these men did. We knew how brave they were. They came here and saved freedom, and then, they went home and showed us all what freedom is all about. The American sons and daughters who saw us to victory were no less extraordinary in peace. They built families. They built industries. They built a national culture that inspired the entire world. In the decades that followed, America defeated communism, secured civil rights, revolutionized science, launched a man to the Moon, and then kept on pushing to new frontiers. And today, America is stronger than ever before.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
我身后的人会告诉你，他们只是幸运儿。正如其中一位最近所说：“所有英雄都埋葬在这里。” 但我们知道这些人的功绩。我们知道他们有多么勇敢。他们来到这里，拯救了自由，然后，他们回家，向我们所有人展示了自由的真谛。见证我们走向胜利的美国儿女在和平时期也同样非凡。他们建立了家庭，发展了产业，建立了激励全世界的民族文化。在随后的几十年里，美国战胜了共产主义，保障了公民权利，革新了科学，将人类送上了月球，并不断开拓新的疆域。今天，美国比以往任何时候都更加强大。
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念致辞。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

They actually taunted him, if you really look at it. Our country, and our so-called leadership, taunted Putin. I said, you know, they're almost forcing him to go in with what they're saying. The rhetoric was so dumb.
—Trump Blames U.S. for 'Almost Forcing' Putin to Invade Ukraine, Newsweek, 8 October 2022
如果你认真想想，他们实际上是在嘲讽普京。我们国家，以及我们所谓的领导人，都在嘲讽普京。我说，你知道，他们几乎是在用他们的话来强迫他。他们的言论太愚蠢了。
——特朗普指责美国“几乎强迫”普京入侵乌克兰，《新闻周刊》，2022年10月8日

IMPOSSIBLE to get a fair trial in Washington, D.C., which is over 95% anti-Trump, & for which I have called for a Federal TAKEOVER in order to bring our Capital back to Greatness. It is now a high crime embarrassment to our Nation and, indeed, the World
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110823476578708544
在华盛顿特区，超过95%的人都反对特朗普，根本不可能获得公正的审判。为此，我呼吁联邦政府接管华盛顿特区，让我们的首都重回辉煌。华盛顿特区现在犯罪率高企，令我们国家乃至全世界蒙羞。
——https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110823476578708544

My recent election is a mandate to completely and totally reverse a horrible betrayal and all of these many betrayals that have taken place and to give the people back their faith, their wealth, their democracy, and, indeed, their freedom. From this moment on, America’s decline is over.
Just a few months ago, in a beautiful Pennsylvania field, an assassin’s bullet ripped through my ear. But I felt then and believe even more so now that my life was saved for a reason. I was saved by God to Make America Great Again.
Today, I will sign a series of historic executive orders. With these actions, we will begin the complete restoration of America and the revolution of common sense. It’s all about common sense.
I stand before you now as proof that you should never believe that something is impossible to do. In America, the impossible is what we do best.
We will stand bravely, we will live proudly, we will dream boldly, and nothing will stand in our way because we are Americans. The future is ours, and our golden age has just begun.
From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected again all over the world. We will be the envy of every nation, and we will not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of any longer. During every single day of the Trump administration, I will very simply put America first.
—Second inaugural address, 20 January 2025
我最近的当选，是为了彻底扭转一场可怕的背叛以及所有已经发生的背叛，并让人民重拾他们的信仰、财富、民主，以及自由。从这一刻起，美国的衰落结束了。
就在几个月前，在宾夕法尼亚州一片美丽的田野里，一颗刺客的子弹射穿了我的耳朵。但我当时就感觉到，并且现在更加相信，我的生命是被拯救的。上帝拯救了我，是为了让美国再次伟大。
今天，我将签署一系列历史性的行政命令。通过这些行动，我们将开启美国的全面复兴和常识的革命。一切都关乎常识。
我现在站在你们面前，就是为了证明，你们永远不应该相信某些事情是不可能的。在美国，不可能的事情正是我们最擅长的。
我们将勇敢地挺身而出，我们将自豪地生活，我们将大胆地梦想，没有什么能够阻挡我们，因为我们是美国人。未来是我们的，我们的黄金时代才刚刚开始。
从今天起，我们的国家将繁荣昌盛，再次赢得全世界的尊重。我们将成为所有国家羡慕的对象，我们不会再让自己被利用。在特朗普政府的每一天，我都将毫不含糊地把美国放在第一位。
——第二次就职演说，2025年1月20日

Walmart should STOP trying to blame Tariffs as the reason for raising prices throughout the chain. Walmart made BILLIONS OF DOLLARS last year, far more than expected. Between Walmart and China they should, as is said, “EAT THE TARIFFS,” and not charge valued customers ANYTHING. I’ll be watching, and so will your customers!!!
—"Trump tells Walmart to ‘eat the tariffs’ after retailer warned it will raise prices", CNBC (May 17, 2025)
沃尔玛不应该再把关税归咎于全线涨价。沃尔玛去年盈利数十亿美元，远超预期。沃尔玛和中国之间应该像人们常说的那样，“承担关税”，不向贵重顾客收取任何费用。我会关注的，你们的顾客也会！！！
——“在沃尔玛警告将涨价后，特朗普却要求沃尔玛‘承担关税’”，CNBC（2025年5月17日）

So many people — it's just hard to believe, but just so many people dead, so many people gravely injured, so much carnage, such a disgrace. The horror is beyond description. The families of these wonderful people are totally devastated, and they will be forever. Likewise, our whole nation and indeed the whole world is devastated.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
这么多人——简直难以置信，但就是有这么多人丧生，这么多人重伤，如此惨烈的屠杀，如此耻辱。恐怖程度难以言表。这些优秀人士的家人彻底崩溃，并将永远如此。同样，我们整个国家，乃至全世界，都陷入了巨大的悲痛之中。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen. He has been very threatening beyond a normal state. They will be met with fire, fury, and frankly power the likes of which this world has never seen before.
Comment on North Korean nuclear tests, made during a public meeting on the opioid epidemic.
—Trump's 'fire and fury' remark was improvised but familiar, CNN. August 9, 2017.
朝鲜最好不要再对美国发出任何威胁。他们将遭遇世界前所未有的猛烈炮火和愤怒。他已经超出了正常状态的威胁程度。他们将遭遇世界前所未有的炮火、愤怒，坦率地说，是武力。
在一次关于阿片类药物泛滥的公开会议上，就朝鲜核试验发表评论。
——特朗普的“炮火与愤怒”言论虽是即兴发挥，但似曾相识，CNN，2017年8月9日

I am the least racist person there is anywhere in the world
—30 July 2019 per The Guardian
我是世界上最不种族主义的人
——2019年7月30日，《卫报》

Trump Steaks are the world's greatest steaks, and I mean that in every sense of the word. Treat yourself to the very, very best life has to offer you. And as a gift, Trump Steaks are the best you can give. One bite, and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about, and believe me. I understand steaks, it's my favorite food.
—Lines marking the introduction of Trump Steaks by The Sharper Image (2007)
特朗普牛排是世界上最美味的牛排，我真心实意地称之为“美味”。好好犒劳自己，享受人生所能给予的最美好的一切。作为礼物，特朗普牛排也是你能给出的最好的礼物。咬一口，你就会明白我在说什么，相信我。我懂牛排，它是我最爱的食物。
——The Sharper Image（2007）推出特朗普牛排时的台词

I want good people to come here from all over the world, but I want them to do so legally. We can expedite the process, we can reward achievement and excellence, but we have to respect the legal process. And those people who take advantage of the system and come here illegally should never enjoy the benefits of being a resident--or citizen--of this nation. So I am against any path to citizenship for undocumented workers or anyone else who is in this country illegaly. They should--and need to--go home and get in line.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 30
我希望世界各地的优秀人才来到这里，但我希望他们合法地来。我们可以加快移民程序，我们可以奖励成就和卓越，但我们必须尊重合法程序。那些利用现有制度非法移民的人永远不应该享受作为这个国家居民或公民的福利。因此，我反对任何为无证工人或任何其他非法居留美国的人提供公民身份的途径。他们应该——也需要——回家排队。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第30页

Mexico is going to be the new China because what they're doing to us is unbelievable, although they did catch El Chapo. Good? Good? They did catch El Chapo, that's good. I mean I don't know, he better not escape a third time, you know? Those tunnels, bing, boom, right under the toilet, bing boom, right up. It's pretty amazing when you think about it, right? But anyway. I have an idea: Put him on the fourth floor this time, right? No more, no more first floors.
—Speech (9 January 2016), as quoted in "El Chapo on Donald Trump: 'Mi Amigo!", by Rebecca Kaplan, CBS News (10 January 2016).
墨西哥将成为新的中国，因为他们对我们所做的令人难以置信，尽管他们确实抓住了“矮子”。好吗？好吗？他们确实抓住了“矮子”，这很好。我的意思是，我不知道，他最好别再逃跑第三次，明白吗？那些地道，砰，砰，就在马桶下面，砰，砰，就上去了。想想就觉得很神奇，对吧？不过，我有个主意：这次把他安排到四楼，对吧？别再安排了，别再安排到一楼了。
——演讲（2016年1月9日），引自丽贝卡·卡普兰在哥伦比亚广播公司新闻（2016年1月10日）发表的“矮子谈唐纳德·特朗普：‘我的朋友！’”

I am the chosen one. Somebody had to do it, so I'm taking on China... and you know what we're winning.
—Quoted by Tola Mbakwe (21 August 2019), "Donald Trump: 'I am the chosen one'", CNN
我是天选之子。总得有人来做这件事，所以我要挑战中国……而你知道我们赢了什么。
——托拉·姆巴克韦（2019年8月21日）在CNN上发表题为《唐纳德·特朗普：‘我是天选之子’》的评论

Well, you have to give him credit. I spoke to him very recently, and he's also doing the rockets, he likes rockets, and he does good at rockets too, by the way. I never saw… where the engines come down with no wings, no anything, and they're landing. I've said I've never seen that before. And I was worried about him, because he's one of our great geniuses, and we have to protect our genius. We have to protect Thomas Edison, we have to protect all of these people that came up originally with the light bulb, and the wheel, and all of these things. And he's one of our very smart people, and we want to cherish those people, that's very important. But he's done a very good job. Shocking, how well, …how it's come so fast. You go back a year, and they were talking about the end of the company and all of a sudden they're talking about these great things. He's going to be building a very big plant in the United States. He has to. Because we help him, so he has to help us.
on Elon Musk, Tesla, and SpaceX after Tesla stock valuation beat General Motors and Ford combined
—Trump on Elon Musk: I was worried about him, because he's one of our great geniuses, World Economic Forum, Davos, Switzerland, 22 January 2020
嗯，你得给他点赞。我最近跟他聊过，他也在搞火箭，他喜欢火箭，顺便说一句，他火箭造得也不错。我从来没见过……发动机没机翼、什么都没有就落地的那种。我说过我以前从来没见过。我很担心他，因为他是我们伟大的天才之一，我们必须保护我们的天才。我们必须保护托马斯·爱迪生，我们必须保护所有发明电灯泡、车轮等等的人。他是我们非常聪明的人之一，我们要珍惜这些人，这非常重要。但他做得非常好。令人震惊的是，进展如此之快……如此之好。回想一年前，他们还在谈论公司倒闭，突然间就谈论起这些伟大的事情。他要在美国建一个非常大的工厂。他必须这么做。因为我们帮助他，所以他也必须帮助我们。
在特斯拉股价超过通用汽车和福特总和后，特朗普谈及埃隆·马斯克、特斯拉和SpaceX
——特朗普谈埃隆·马斯克：我很担心他，因为他是我们最伟大的天才之一，世界经济论坛，瑞士达沃斯，2020年1月22日

I think I read yesterday a report that we’ve done more than everybody — every other country — combined,
We’ve tested more than every other country in the world even put together.
—Note: At that time, the US had done just above 4 million tests, while worldwide more than 20 million tests had been done. Quoted by Aaron Rupar (21 April 2020), "Trump just said the US has done more coronavirus testing than the rest of the world. Not even close.", Vox
我好像昨天读到了一份报告，说我们做的检测比所有其他国家加起来还要多。
我们的检测量甚至比世界上所有其他国家加起来还要多。
——注：当时，美国进行了略多于400万次的检测，而全球已进行了超过2000万次的检测。引自Aaron Rupar（2020年4月21日）的报道：“特朗普刚刚说，美国的新冠病毒检测量比世界其他国家都多。差远了。”——Vox

I can't tell you that. I'm not allowed to tell you that.
—Trump was answering what his basis was for claiming that the coronavirus emerged from a virology lab in the Wuhan city of China, as quoted by PTI (1 May 2020), "'It Came Out Of China, Could Have Been Stopped': Prez Donald Trump On Coronavirus", Outlook
我不能告诉你。我不被允许告诉你。
——特朗普当时正在回答他声称冠状病毒源自中国武汉市病毒学实验室的依据是什么。PTI（2020年5月1日）援引了此文，题为“‘它来自中国，本可以被阻止’：唐纳德·特朗普总统谈冠状病毒”，《展望》

We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from China, the infectious source, entering the USA. Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks, bad polls - didn’t have a clue!
—As quoted by Richard Hall (10 May 2020), "Trump claims he is ‘getting great marks’ for coronavirus response as US death toll nears 80,000", Independent
我们在应对新冠病毒疫情方面获得了极高的评价，尤其是很早就禁止来自传染源头中国的人员入境美国。相比之下，奥巴马/瞌睡乔那场被称为H1N1猪流感的灾难，评价很差，民调也很差——完全没头绪！
——理查德·霍尔（2020年5月10日）援引《独立报》报道：“特朗普声称，随着美国死亡人数接近8万，他在应对新冠病毒方面‘获得了极高的评价’。”

They say, 'Trump said Putin's smart.' I mean, he's taking over a country for two dollars' worth of sanctions. I'd say that's pretty smart. He's taking over a country — really a vast, vast location, a great piece of land with a lot of people, and just walking right in.
—"Why Donald Trump can't stop praising Vladimir Putin", CNN, 24 February 2022
他们说，“特朗普说普京聪明。” 我的意思是，他为了两美元的制裁就接管了一个国家。我认为这相当聪明。他接管了一个国家——一个幅员辽阔、土地肥沃、人口众多的国家，他却径直走进去。
——“唐纳德·特朗普为何不停地赞美弗拉基米尔·普京”，CNN，2022年2月24日

I'm the only candidate who can make this promise: I will prevent, and very easily, World War III.
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
我是唯一一位能够做出这一承诺的候选人：我将轻松阻止第三次世界大战。
——2023年3月4日，保守党政治行动委员会（CPAC）在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, I will have the disastrous war between Russia and Ukraine settled.
I will get the problem solved.
And I will get it solved in rapid order and 'it will take me no longer than one day, I know exactly what to say to each of them, I got along very well with Putin.
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
我会解决这个问题。
而且我会迅速解决，‘这不会超过一天，我知道该怎么和他们每个人沟通，我和普京相处得很好。’
——2023年3月4日，CPAC在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

I AM NOW GOING TO WASHINGTON, D.C., TO BE ARRESTED FOR HAVING CHALLENGED A CORRUPT, RIGGED, & STOLEN ELECTION. IT IS A GREAT HONOR, BECAUSE I AM BEING ARRESTED FOR YOU. Biden and his family steal Millions and Millions of Dollars, including BRIBES from foreign countries, and I’m headed to D.C. to be ARRESTED for protesting a CROOKED ELECTION. UNFAIR VENUE, UNFAIR JUDGE. We are a Nation in Decline.
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110826519469646840 https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110826840688757163
我现在要去华盛顿特区，因挑战一场腐败、操纵和被盗的选举而被捕。这对我来说是莫大的荣幸，因为我是为了你们而被捕。拜登和他的家人窃取了数百万美元，包括来自外国的贿赂，而我却要去华盛顿特区，因抗议一场不公正的选举而被捕。不公平的审判，不公正的法官。我们是一个正在衰落的国家。
——https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110826519469646840 https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110826840688757163

It boiled down to something that was very beautiful, the way it happened, and I got along with him very well.
He respected me, I respected him.
Very smart guy, very strong guy
—28 May 2024 about Kim Jong-Un, dictator in North Korea, cited in "Watch: Trump’s Disgusting Praise for “Beautiful” Bond with Kim Jong Un", New Republic
最终，事情发展到这种程度，变得非常美好，我和他相处得很好。
他尊重我，我也尊重他。
非常聪明，非常坚强
——2024年5月28日，关于朝鲜独裁者金正恩的报道，引自《新共和》杂志“观察：特朗普对与金正恩“美好”关系的令人作呕的赞扬”

The only reason the Palestinians want to go back to Gaza is they have no alternative. It's right now a demolition site. This is just a demolition site. Virtually every building is down. They're living under fallen concrete that's very dangerous and very precarious. They instead can occupy all of a beautiful area with homes and safety and they can live out their lives in peace and harmony instead of having to go back and do it again. The US will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site, level the site and get rid of the destroyed buildings, level it out. Create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area. Do a real job, do something different.
... So, by the United States, with its stability and strength, owning it, especially the strength that we're developing and developed over the last fairly short period of time, I would say really since the election, I think we'll be a great keeper of something that is very, very strong, very powerful and very, very good for the area, not just for Israel, for the entire Middle East.
... I do see a long-term ownership position and I see it bringing great stability to that part of the Middle East, and maybe the entire Middle East. And everybody I've spoken to - this was not a decision made lightly. Everybody I've spoken to loves the idea of the United States owning that piece of land, developing and creating thousands of jobs with something that will be magnificent in a really magnificent area that nobody would know.
—Quoted from Full text of Trump and Netanyahu's explosive news conference ‘’Middle East Eye’’ (February 5, 2025)
巴勒斯坦人想回到加沙的唯一原因是他们别无选择。现在这里是一片拆迁现场。这里就是一片拆迁现场。几乎所有建筑都倒塌了。他们生活在倒塌的混凝土之下，非常危险，也非常不稳定。相反，他们可以占据这片美丽的土地，拥有家园和安全，和平和谐地度过余生，而不必回去重蹈覆辙。美国将接管加沙地带，我们也会处理好它。我们将拥有它，并负责拆除现场所有危险的未爆炸炸弹和其他武器，夷平场地，拆除被毁的建筑物，将其夷为平地。创造经济发展，为该地区的人民提供无限的就业机会和住房。做点真正的工作，做点不一样的事情。 ……所以，美国凭借其稳定和实力，拥有这片土地，尤其是我们在过去相当短的时间内，尤其是自大选以来，一直在发展壮大的力量，我认为我们将成为一个非常非常强大、非常有力、对该地区非常非常有利的守护者，不仅对以色列，对整个中东也是如此。
……我确实看到了长期的所有权，我认为这将为中东那部分地区，甚至整个中东地区带来巨大的稳定。我采访过的每个人都认为，这不是一个轻率的决定。我采访过的每个人都喜欢美国拥有这片土地，开发和创造数千个就业机会，在一个无人知晓的、真正壮丽的地区建设宏伟项目的想法。
——引自特朗普和内塔尼亚胡爆炸性新闻发布会《中东之眼》（2025年2月5日）全文

I thought that people were jumping a little bit out of line. They were getting yippy. You know, they were getting a little bit yippy, a little bit afraid…. Over the last few days it looked pretty glum… You have to be flexible. You have to be able to show a little flexibility. And I'm able to do that.
—Reasons given for pausing his tariff plan for 90 days for all countries except China, reported in Trump explains dramatic reversal on tariffs: People getting 'a little bit afraid' ABC News (April 9.2025)
我觉得大家有点儿越界了。他们开始有点儿闹腾。你知道，他们有点儿闹腾，有点儿害怕……过去几天看起来相当低迷……你必须灵活变通。你必须能够展现出一点儿灵活性。而我就能做到这一点。
——特朗普解释关税政策戏剧性逆转：人们“有点儿害怕”ABC新闻（2025年4月9日）报道了暂停对除中国外所有国家实施关税计划90天的原因。

I am not happy with the Russian strikes on KYIV. Not necessary, and very bad timing. Vladimir, STOP!
—Taken from Truth Social as reported in 'Vladimir, STOP!' Trump says to Putin after deadliest Russian strike on Kyiv in months ABC News (April 24, 2025)
我对俄罗斯袭击基辅感到不满。这毫无必要，而且时机也很糟糕。弗拉基米尔，住手！
——摘自“真相社交”报道，内容来自“弗拉基米尔，住手！”特朗普在俄罗斯对基辅发动数月来最致命的袭击后对普京说，ABC新闻（2025年4月24日）

Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
—As quoted in Social Networking for Authors: Untapped Possibilities for Wealth (2009) by Michael Volkin, p. 60
没有激情，就没有活力；没有活力，就一无所有。世界上没有一件伟大的事情是没有激情就能成就的。
——摘自迈克尔·沃尔金 (Michael Volkin) 著《作家社交网络：未开发的财富潜能》(2009)，第60页

Hillary Clinton was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the country. The world came apart under her reign... I will be the one to beat Hillary.
If you start adding it up, our real unemployment rate is 42%.
—"Donald Trump Explains All", Time, 20 August 2015. For a discussion of this figure, see "The Real Jobless Rate Is 42 Percent? Donald Trump Has a Point, Sort Of" by Neil Irwin, The New York Times (10 February 2016).
希拉里·克林顿是美国历史上最糟糕的国务卿。在她的领导下，世界分崩离析……我将成为击败希拉里的人。
如果你把这些数字加起来，我们的实际失业率是42%。
——“唐纳德·特朗普解释了一切”，《时代》杂志，2015年8月20日。有关这一数据的讨论，请参阅尼尔·欧文在《纽约时报》（2016年2月10日）发表的“实际失业率是42%？唐纳德·特朗普说得有道理”。

Depending on the price of oil, Saudi Arabia earns somewhere between half a billion and a billion dollars every day. They wouldn't exist, let alone have that wealth, without our protection. We get nothing from them. Nothing. We defend Germany. We defend Japan. We defend South Korea. These are powerful and wealthy countries. We get nothing from them. It's time to change all that. It's time to win again.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 34
根据油价，沙特阿拉伯每天能赚取五到十亿美元的收入。如果没有我们的保护，他们就不会存在，更别说拥有这么多财富了。我们从他们那里什么也得不到。什么也得不到。我们保卫德国。我们保卫日本。我们保卫韩国。这些都是强大而富有的国家。我们从他们那里什么也得不到。是时候改变这一切了。是时候再次赢得胜利了。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第34页

We have to be tough. It's time we're going to be a little bit tough, folks. We're taken advantage by every nation in the world, virtually. It's not going to happen anymore.
—White House suggests US may still accept Australia refugees despite clash (2 February 2017)
我们必须强硬起来。伙计们，是时候我们强硬一点了。我们几乎被世界上所有国家利用了。这种情况不会再发生了。
——白宫暗示，尽管存在冲突，美国仍可能接受澳大利亚难民（2017年2月2日）

That’s other people that do that. I don’t. I’m very consistent. I’m a very stable genius.
—When asked by a reporter whether he would be contradicting his statements, quoted in Trump once again proclaims himself a ‘very stable genius’ The Times of Israel (12 July 2018)
那是别人才会这么做。我不会。我非常稳定。我是一个非常稳定的天才。
——当被记者问及他是否会自相矛盾时，特朗普再次宣称自己是一位“非常稳定的天才”，《以色列时报》（2018年7月12日）

Reporter: Have you read the climate report yet?
Trump: I've seen it. I've read some of it and — it's fine.
Reporter: They say the economic impact could be devastating.
Trump: Yeah. I don't believe it.
Reporter: You don't believe it?
Trump: No, no. I don't believe it. And here's the other thing: You're going to have to have China and Japan and all of Asia and all of these other countries — you know, it addresses our country. Right now, we're at the cleanest we've ever been, and that's very important to me. But if we're clean but every other place on Earth is dirty, that's not so good.
—November 26, 2018, on the Fourth National Climate Assessment (Bump, Philip (November 26, 2018). "Trump responds to his administration's report indicating a huge cost from climate change: ‘I don't believe it'". The Washington Post. Retrieved on December 1, 2018.
记者：你读过气候报告了吗？
特朗普：我看过。我读过一部分，而且——没什么问题。
记者：他们说经济影响可能是毁灭性的。
特朗普：是的。我不相信。
记者：你不相信？
特朗普：不，不。我不相信。还有一件事：你必须让中国、日本以及所有亚洲国家——你知道，这份报告涉及到我们国家。现在，我们正处于有史以来最清洁的时期，这对我来说非常重要。但如果我们很清洁，而地球上其他地方却很脏，那就不太好。
——2018年11月26日，第四次国家气候评估报告（菲利普·邦普，2018年11月26日）。“特朗普回应其政府报告称气候变化将造成巨大损失：‘我不相信’”。《华盛顿邮报》。2018年12月1日检索。

Iran is no longer the same country
Iran is pulling people out of Syria.
They can do what they want there, frankly, but they're pulling people out.
They're pulling people out of Yemen.
Iran wants to survive now.
—Eric Cortellessa (2 January 2019), "Trump: Iran ‘can do what they want’ in Syria", Times of Israel
伊朗已不再是同一个国家
伊朗正在从叙利亚撤军。
坦白说，他们在那里想干什么就干什么，但他们正在撤军。
他们正在从也门撤军。
伊朗现在只想活下去。
——埃里克·科特莱萨（2019年1月2日），“特朗普：伊朗在叙利亚‘想干什么就干什么’”，《以色列时报》

This week, we commemorate a mighty endeavor of righteous nations and one of the greatest undertakings in all of history. Seventy-five years ago, more than 150,000 Allied troops were preparing on this island to parachute into France, storm the beaches of Normandy, and win back our civilization. As Her Majesty remembers, the British people had hoped and prayed and fought for this day for nearly 5 years. When Britain stood alone during the Blitz of 1940 and 1941, the Nazi war machine dropped thousands of bombs on this country and right on this magnificent city. Buckingham Palace alone was bombed on 16 separate occasions. In that dark hour, the people of this nation showed the world what it means to be British. They cleared wreckage from the streets, displayed the Union Jack from their shattered homes, and kept fighting on to victory. They only wanted victory. The courage of the United Kingdom's sons and daughters ensured that your destiny would always remain in your own hands. Through it all, the royal family was the resolute face of the Commonwealth's unwavering solidarity.
—3 June 2019
本周，我们纪念正义国家的伟大壮举，也是历史上最伟大的事业之一。75年前，超过15万盟军士兵在这个岛上准备空降法国，攻占诺曼底海滩，夺回我们的文明。正如女王陛下所记得的，英国人民为这一天的到来，期盼、祈祷和奋斗了近五年。1940年和1941年的闪电战中，英国孤军奋战，纳粹战争机器向这个国家和这座宏伟的城市投下了数千枚炸弹。仅白金汉宫就被轰炸了16次。在那黑暗的时刻，这个国家的人民向世界展示了身为英国人的意义。他们清理街道上的残骸，在破碎的家园悬挂英国国旗，继续战斗，直至胜利。他们只渴望胜利。英国儿女的勇气确保了你们的命运永远掌握在自己手中。在整个过程中，王室始终是英联邦坚定不移团结的代表。
—2019年6月3日

Reporter: Are you willing to go to war with Iran?
Trump: You'll find out. You'll find out.
—"Trump tells public 'you'll find out' when asked about a war with Iran". The Washington Post. 2019-06-20.
记者：你愿意与伊朗开战吗？
特朗普：你会知道的。你会知道的。
——“当被问及与伊朗开战时，特朗普告诉公众‘你会知道的’”。《华盛顿邮报》。2019年6月20日。

This beach, codenamed Omaha, was defended by the Nazis with monstrous firepower, thousands and thousands of mines and spikes driven into the sand, so deeply. It was here that tens of thousands of the Americans came. The GIs who boarded the landing craft that morning knew that they carried on their shoulders not just the pack of a soldier, but the fate of the world. Colonel George Taylor, whose 16th Infantry Regiment would join in the first wave, was asked: What would happen if the Germans stopped right then and there, cold on the beach, just stopped them? What would happen? This great American replied: "Why, the 18th Infantry is coming in right behind us. The 26th Infantry will come on too. Then, there is the 2nd Infantry Division already afloat. And the 9th Division. And the 2d Armored. And the 3d Armored. And all the rest. Maybe the 16th won't make it, but someone will."
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
这片代号为奥马哈的海滩，纳粹用强大的火力、成千上万枚深深扎入沙中的地雷和尖桩严密防守。数以万计的美军正是从这里抵达。那天早上登上登陆艇的美国大兵们深知，他们肩负的不仅仅是士兵的重担，更是世界的命运。乔治·泰勒上校率领的第16步兵团将加入第一波进攻，他被问到：如果德军就地在冰冷的沙滩上驻足，阻止他们前进，会发生什么？这位伟大的美国人回答道：“嗯，第18步兵团紧随其后。第26步兵团也会加入。此外，还有已经登陆的第2步兵师。还有第9步兵师。还有第2装甲师。还有第3装甲师。还有其他所有部队。也许第16步兵团撑不住，但一定会有人挺过来。” 
——在法国滨海科勒维尔纪念诺曼底登陆75周年的演讲。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency.
—Cited by Adam Serwer (24 January 2020), "Trump Is Inciting a Coronavirus Culture War to Save Himself", The Atlantic
中国一直在竭尽全力遏制新冠病毒疫情。美国高度赞赏他们的努力和透明度。
——摘自亚当·瑟维尔（2020年1月24日），《大西洋月刊》“特朗普正在煽动一场新冠病毒文化战争以自救”

My administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to prevent the spread of this illness in the United States. We are ready. We are ready. Totally ready. On January 31st, I ordered the suspension of foreign nationals who have recently been in China from entering the United States. An action which the Democrats loudly criticized and protested and now everybody's complimenting me saying, "Thank you very much. You were 100% correct." Could've been a whole different story. But I say, so let's get this right. A virus starts in China, bleeds its way into various countries all around the world, doesn't spread widely at all in the United States because of the early actions that myself and my administration took against a lot of other wishes, and the Democrats' single talking point, and you see it, is that it's Donald Trump's fault, right? It's Donald Trump's fault. No, just things that happened.
—Donald Trump Charleston, South Carolina Rally (February 28, 2020)
我的政府采取了现代史上最积极的行动，以防止这种疾病在美国蔓延。我们准备好了。我们准备好了。完全准备好了。1月31日，我下令禁止近期去过中国的外国人入境美国。这一行动遭到了民主党人的强烈批评和抗议，现在每个人都在称赞我，说：“非常感谢。你完全正确。” 本来可能会是完全不同的结果。但我说，那就让我们把事情做好吧。病毒始于中国，蔓延到世界各国，之所以没有在美国广泛传播，是因为我和我的政府在早期采取了违背其他许多人意愿的行动。而民主党人唯一的论据，你看，就是这是唐纳德·特朗普的错，对吧？这是唐纳德·特朗普的错。不，只是发生了一些事情而已。
—唐纳德·特朗普南卡罗来纳州查尔斯顿集会（2020 年 2 月 28 日）

The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World.
—Quoted by Stephen Collinson (29 April 2020), "Trump still seems to not understand how bad the coronavirus crisis is", CNN
美国报告新冠病毒病例达百万的唯一原因是我们的检测水平比世界上任何其他国家都高得多。
——斯蒂芬·科林森（Stephen Collinson）（2020年4月29日）援引CNN报道：“特朗普似乎仍然不明白新冠病毒危机有多严重。”

When we have a lot of cases, I don’t look at that as a bad thing — I look at that in a certain respect as being a good thing because it means our testing is much better. ... So I view it as a badge of honour, really,
—Trump talked about the 1.59 million confirmed cases of Covid-19, as quoted in Oliver O'Connell (19 May 2020), "Coronavirus: Trump says it’s ‘badge of honour’ for US to lead world in Covid-19 cases", Independent
当我们出现大量病例时，我并不认为这是一件坏事——从某种程度上来说，我认为这是一件好事，因为这意味着我们的检测水平要高得多。……所以，我实际上把它视为一种荣誉。
——特朗普谈到159万例新冠肺炎确诊病例，引自奥利弗·奥康奈尔（2020年5月19日），《冠状病毒：特朗普称美国新冠肺炎病例领先世界是‘荣誉勋章’》，《独立报》

RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
—Claim quoted by Miles Parks (22 June 2020), "FACT CHECK: Trump Spreads Unfounded Claims About Voting By Mail", NPR
2020年大选舞弊：数百万张邮寄选票将被外国和其他国家印制。这将成为我们时代的丑闻！
——迈尔斯·帕克斯（2020年6月22日）在NPR新闻中引用的言论：“事实核查：特朗普散布关于邮寄投票的毫无根据的谣言”

Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!!
It’s fading away, it’s going to fade away.
We have got the greatest testing program anywhere in the world.
We’ve done too good a job.
You know testing is a double-edged sword. ... Here’s the bad part. When you test to that extent, you are going to find more people, find more cases. So I said to my people, ‘Slow the testing down please.’
—Claimed about the Covid-19 pandemic, as quoted by Calvin Woodward, Hope Yen (23 June 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Sober science weighs in on Trump’s virus take", AP. referring to COVID-19 testing during a Jun 21, 2020 campaign ralley in w:Tulsa, Oklahoma
病例增加只是因为我们进行了大规模检测。死亡率大幅下降！！！
它正在消退，它将会消退。
我们拥有世界上最强大的检测项目。
我们做得太好了。
你知道检测是一把双刃剑……坏处就在这里。当你检测到那种程度时，你会发现更多的人，更多的病例。所以我对我的人说，‘请放慢检测速度。’
——关于新冠疫情的说法，引自卡尔文·伍德沃德，《Hope Yen》（2020年6月23日），“美联社事实核查：冷静的科学论证了特朗普对病毒的看法”，美联社。指的是2020年6月21日在俄克拉荷马州塔尔萨举行的竞选集会上进行的新冠肺炎检测。

We got hit by the virus that came from China. We’ve made a lot of progress. Our strategy is moving along well.
We’ve learned how to put out the flame.
Now we have tested almost 40m people. By so doing, we show cases, 99% of which are totally harmless.
—Trump was describing the situation with Covid-19, where more than 128 000 had died out of around 2,800,000 found cases at that time, a death rate of more than 4 %, and around 40,000 to 50,000 new cases were found per day, as quoted by David Smith (4 July 2020), "Trump claims 99% of US Covid-19 cases are 'totally harmless' as infections surge", The Guardian
我们受到了来自中国的病毒的打击。我们取得了很大进展。我们的策略进展顺利。
我们已经学会了如何扑灭疫情。
现在我们已经对近4000万人进行了检测。通过这种方式，我们找到了99%的病例是完全无害的。
——特朗普描述了新冠疫情的情况，当时发现的约280万例病例中，超过12.8万人死亡，死亡率超过4%，每天新增病例约4万至5万例。引自大卫·史密斯（2020年7月4日），《卫报》：“特朗普声称，随着感染人数激增，99%的美国新冠病例‘完全无害’。”

Now we know it. It [the coronavirus] affects elderly people, elderly people with heart problems and other problems. If they have other problems. That's what it really affects. That's it. You know, In some states, thousands of people—nobody young. Below the age of 18, like, nobody. They have a strong immune system, who knows? You look...Take your hat off to the young, because they have a hell of an immune system. But it affects virtually nobody. It's an amazing thing.
—Quoted in Kashmira Gander (22 September 2020), "Trump Says Coronavirus 'Affects Virtually Nobody,' As U.S. Has World's Highest Death Toll", Newsweek
现在我们知道了。它（冠状病毒）感染老年人，包括有心脏病和其他问题的老年人。如果他们有其他问题，那才是它真正影响的对象。就是这样。你知道，在一些州，成千上万的人感染了冠状病毒，年轻人没有。18岁以下的，几乎没有。他们的免疫系统很强，谁知道呢？你看……向年轻人脱帽致敬，因为他们的免疫系统非常强大。但它几乎没有影响任何人。这真是太神奇了。
——引自《新闻周刊》Kashmira Gander（2020年9月22日），“特朗普称冠状病毒‘几乎没有影响任何人’，而美国死亡人数位居世界首位”

That was an opinion of somebody and that was a retweet. I’ll put it out there. People can decide for themselves.
—Trump explained why he retweeted a claim that Osama bin Laden’s killing was staged and that members of Navy SEAL Team 6 had been killed to cover it up. Quoted by Rex Huppke (16 October 2020), "Column: Trump and Biden town halls showed us two worlds, and only one of them is terrifying", Chicago Tribune
这只是某人的观点，也是一条转发。我会把它发布出来。大家可以自己判断。
——特朗普解释了他为何转发一条推文，称奥萨马·本·拉登之死是一场闹剧，海豹突击队第六小队成员被杀是为了掩盖真相。雷克斯·哈普克（2020年10月16日）在《芝加哥论坛报》撰文：“专栏：特朗普和拜登的市政厅会议向我们展示了两个世界，其中只有一个令人恐惧。”

It’s so sad when you see that they are approving these windmills — worst form of energy, the most expensive. You talk about carbon emissions, well they are making them. More goes into the air than if you ran something for 30 years.
I’m not into golden showers.
—"Trump Touts Putin Relationship, Rails About Wind Energy's 'Carbon Emissions' In Speech", Yahoo News (October 16 2021)
看到他们批准这些风力发电——最糟糕的能源，也是最昂贵的能源——真是令人难过。你说碳排放，其实他们自己也在排放。排放到空气中的碳比你运行30年的还要多。
我可不喜欢黄金雨。
——“特朗普吹捧与普京的关系，在演讲中抨击风能的‘碳排放’”，雅虎新闻（2021年10月16日）

About developing vaccines against Covid-19: Look, we did something that was historic, we saved tens of millions of lives worldwide. We, together, all of us, not me.
—"Trump met with boos after revealing he received Covid-19 booster", CNN, 21 December 2021
关于研发新冠疫苗：你看，我们做了一件历史性的事情，我们拯救了全世界数千万人的生命。是我们大家一起努力，而不是我一个人。
——“特朗普透露接种新冠加强针后引来嘘声”，CNN，2021年12月21日

This will be the single biggest and most important election in the history of our country - maybe in the history of the WORLD.
—https://truthsocial.com/@RSBN/posts/110840001623943794
这将是我国历史上，甚至可能是世界历史上，规模最大、最重要的一次选举。
—https://truthsocial.com/@RSBN/posts/110840001623943794

WHAT THE DEPARTMENT OF INJUSTICE IS DOING TO ME IS THE SAME THING DONE BY THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES ALL OVER THE WORLD, BUT IT WILL NOT WORK.
—https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-explains-why-he-should-not-have-a-protective-order-placed-on-him-by-deranged-jack-smith/
不公正部门对我做的和全世界第三世界国家做的一模一样，但这行不通。
—https://www.rsbnetwork.com/news/trump-explains-why-he-should-not-have-a-protective-order-placed-on-him-by-deranged-jack-smith/

There’s a man, Viktor Orbán, did anyone ever hear of him? He’s probably, like, one of the strongest leaders anywhere in the world. He’s the leader of Turkey.
—24 October 2023 in "Trump praises Hungary’s ‘Viktor Orbán’ as great ‘leader of Turkey’", Politico
有个叫维克托·欧尔班的人，有人听说过他吗？他可能是世界上最强大的领导人之一。他是土耳其的领导人。
——2023年10月24日，《政治报》：“特朗普称赞匈牙利的‘维克托·欧尔班’是伟大的‘土耳其领导人’”

I want you to remember what they did to me. They tortured me in the Fulton County Jail, and TOOK MY MUGSHOT. So guess what? I put it on a mug for the WHOLE WORLD TO SEE!
—24 June 2024 "Trump Fundraising Email: I Was 'Tortured' in Jail", Newsmax
我要你记住他们对我做了什么。他们在富尔顿县监狱折磨我，还拍了我的面部照片。你猜怎么着？我把它放在马克杯上，让全世界都看到了！
——2024年6月24日 “特朗普筹款邮件：我在监狱里被‘折磨’”，Newsmax

Israel is the one. And you should let them go and let them go finish the job. He doesn’t want to do it. He’s become like a Palestinian, but hey, don’t like him because he’s a very bad Palestinian. He’s a weak one.
—27 June 2024 per The Hill article by Brett Samuels
以色列才是关键。你应该放他们走，让他们去完成任务。他不想这么做。他已经变得像个巴勒斯坦人了，但是，嘿，我不喜欢他，因为他是个非常糟糕的巴勒斯坦人。他很软弱。
——2024年6月27日，布雷特·塞缪尔斯在《国会山报》上的文章

"I said to Vladimir Putin, I said, 'Don't do it. You can't do it, Vladimir, you do it, it's going to be a bad day. You cannot do it.' And I told him things that what I do. And he said, 'No way.' And I said, 'way.' And, you know, it's the last time we ever had the conversation.
—13 August 2024 in Politco article
我跟弗拉基米尔·普京说，‘别这么做。你做不到，弗拉基米尔，你这么做，那将是糟糕的一天。你做不到。’我跟他讲了我的工作内容。他说，‘没门。’我说，‘没门。’你知道，这是我们最后一次谈话了。
——2024年8月13日，《政治报》文章

Iran is no friend of mine, a lot of bad signals get sent.The reason is because I was strong on Iran and I was protecting people in the Middle East that maybe they aren’t so happy about that.
—14 August 2024 per political article
伊朗不是我的朋友，它发出了很多不好的信号。原因是我在伊朗问题上态度强硬，而且我当时在保护中东人民，所以他们可能对此不太高兴。
——2024年8月14日，每篇政治文章

There will be no future under Comrade Kamala Harris, because she will take us into a Nuclear World War III , She will never be respected by the Tyrants of the World!
—23 August 2024 in "Harris’s convention speech sparks live rant from outraged Trump", The Guardian
在卡玛拉·哈里斯同志的领导下，美国将没有未来，因为她会把我们带入第三次核世界大战。她永远不会受到世界暴君的尊重！
——2024年8月23日，《卫报》：“哈里斯在大会上的演讲引发特朗普愤怒的现场咆哮”

You just cannot let them have a nuclear weapon. But I will say this: If they do have a nuclear weapon, Israel is gone.
—"Trump says if Iran gets a nuke, 'Israel will be gone'", Iran International (September 1, 2024)
你绝对不能让他们拥有核武器。但我要说的是：如果他们真的拥有核武器，以色列就完了。
——“特朗普称，如果伊朗拥有核武器，‘以色列就完了’”，《伊朗国际》（2024年9月1日）

We are going to be very nice, relatively speaking. We are going to be very kind....
Somebody said that about me the other day, who doesn’t know me very well. They said — ‘You are such a kind person’ and I said, ‘Say that again.’ They said, ‘You are a kind person.’ I said, ‘I’ve never heard that before.’
—Speaking on the severity of the tariffs as reported in Trump has the world on edge as he mulls fateful tariffs decades in the making CNN (April 1, 2025)
相对而言，我们会非常友善。我们会非常友善……
前几天，一个不太了解我的人这样评价我。他们说：“你真是个好人。”我说：“你再说一遍。”他们说：“你真是个好人。”我说：“我以前从未听说过。”
——特朗普在CNN报道中谈到关税的严厉程度，令世界紧张不安，因为他正在考虑数十年来酝酿的重大关税计划（2025年4月1日）

The first time, I had two things to do—run the country and survive; I had all these crooked guys. And the second time, I run the country and the world.”
—In response to what felt different about his second term compared to the first, quoted in ‘I RUN THE COUNTRY AND THE WORLD’ Donald Trump believes he’s invincible. But the cracks are beginning to show The Atlantic (April 28, 2025)
第一次，我只有两件事要做——治理国家和生存；我面对的是那些不法之徒。第二次，我要治理国家和世界。”
——在回应第二任期与第一任期相比有何不同时，唐纳德·特朗普在《我治理国家和世界》一文中表示，他认为自己不可战胜。但裂痕开始显现，《大西洋月刊》（2025年4月28日）

European Union is in many ways nastier than China, okay.
—"Trump: The EU is ‘nastier than China’", Politico (May 12, 2025)
欧盟在很多方面都比中国更糟糕，没错。
——“特朗普：欧盟‘比中国更糟糕’”，《政治报》（2025年5月12日）

Oh, what I do for the crown prince. The sanctions were brutal and crippling and served as an important, really an important function, nevertheless, at the time. But now it's their time to shine.
—Trump heaps praise on Saudi Crown Prince MBS as he touts economic development ABC News (May 13, 2025)
哦，我真为王储做了贡献。制裁残酷无情，造成严重后果，但在当时，它确实发挥了至关重要的作用。但现在是它们大放异彩的时候了。
——特朗普大肆赞扬沙特王储MBS，并大力宣扬其经济发展 ABC新闻（2025年5月13日）

7. Personal Views and Philosophy
7. 个人观与信念

Seven decades ago, the warriors of D-day fought a sinister enemy who spoke of a thousand-year empire. In defeating that evil, they left a legacy that will last not only for a thousand years, but for all time—for as long as the soul knows of duty and honor; for as long as freedom keeps its hold on the human heart. To the men who sit behind me, and to the boys who rest in the field before me, your example will never, ever grow old. Your legend will never tire. Your spirit—brave, unyielding, and true—will never die. The blood that they spilled, the tears that they shed, the lives that they gave, the sacrifice that they made, did not just win a battle. It did not just win a war. Those who fought here won a future for our Nation. They won the survival of our civilization. And they showed us the way to love, cherish, and defend our way of life for many centuries to come. Today, as we stand together upon this sacred Earth, we pledge that our nations will forever be strong and united. We will forever be together. Our people will forever be bold. Our hearts will forever be loyal. And our children, and their children, will forever and always be free. May God bless our great veterans, may God bless our Allies, may God bless the heroes of D-day, and may God bless America. Thank you. Thank you very much.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
七十年前，诺曼底登陆的勇士们与一个号称拥有千年帝国的邪恶敌人作战。在击败邪恶的过程中，他们留下的遗产不仅将流芳千年，而且将永垂不朽——只要灵魂还懂得责任和荣誉；只要自由依然在人心中占据主导地位。对于坐在我身后的那些人，以及在我面前长眠于战场的那些男孩们，你们的榜样永远不会过时。你们的传奇永远不会消逝。你们的精神——勇敢、不屈、真诚——永远不会消逝。他们洒下的鲜血，他们流下的泪水，他们奉献的生命，他们做出的牺牲，不仅仅是赢得了一场战斗。不仅仅是赢得了一场战争。那些在这里战斗的人们为我们的国家赢得了未来。他们赢得了我们文明的延续。他们向我们展示了在未来的几个世纪里热爱、珍惜和捍卫我们生活方式的道路。今天，当我们在这片神圣的土地上站在一起时，我们宣誓，我们的国家将永远强大和团结。我们将永远在一起。我们的人民将永远勇敢。我们的心将永远忠诚。我们的子孙后代将永远自由。愿上帝保佑我们伟大的老兵，愿上帝保佑我们的盟友，愿上帝保佑诺曼底登陆的英雄们，愿上帝保佑美国。谢谢大家，非常感谢。
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念演讲。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

lowlife with a very small brain and a very big mouth
by far the dumbest of my military people
incapable of doing a good job
It was too much for him, and I couldn’t stand the guy, so I fired him like a ‘dog’
—Claimed about John Kelly, retired U.S. Marine Corps general, former Chief of Staff for Donald Trump, and before that US Homeland Security Secretary, quoted in "‘Lowlife with small brain and big mouth’: Trump hits out at ex-aide Kelly", The Guardian (October 5, 2023)
脑袋小嘴巴大的下流货色
是我军中最蠢的
根本干不成事
他实在受不了，我实在受不了这家伙，所以像开‘狗’一样把他炒了。
——关于约翰·凯利，美国海军陆战队退役将军，曾任唐纳德·特朗普参谋长，更早之前担任美国国土安全部长，引自《卫报》（2023年10月5日）“‘脑袋小嘴巴大的下流货色’：特朗普抨击前助手凯利”

I think the good parts are the ‘Trump economy’ and the bad parts are the ‘Biden economy’ because he’s done a terrible job…. I was able to get down the costs. But even that, it takes a while to get them down. But we got them down good....
I’ve only just been here for a little more than three months. But the stock market, look at what’s happened in the last short period of time. Didn’t it have nine or 10 days in a row, or 11 days, where it’s gone up? And the tariffs have just started kicking in. And we’re doing really well.
—In response to the question: ‘When does it become the Trump economy?’, quoted from Trump says good parts of US economy are ‘Trump economy,’ bad parts are ‘Biden economy’ CNN (May 4 2025)
我认为好的部分是“特朗普经济”，坏的部分是“拜登经济”，因为他做得很糟糕……我能够降低成本。但即便如此，也需要一段时间才能降低。不过，我们已经很好地控制住了成本……
我来这里才三个多月。但看看股市，看看过去这段时间发生了什么。它不是连续9天、10天，甚至11天上涨了吗？而且关税才刚刚开始生效。而我们做得非常好。
——回答“什么时候变成特朗普经济了？”的问题，引自特朗普说的“美国经济好的部分是‘特朗普经济’，坏的部分是‘拜登经济’”CNN（2025年5月4日）

Hillary Clinton's catastrophic immigration plan will bring vastly more radical Islamic immigration into this country, threatening not only our society but our entire way of life. When it comes to radical Islamic terrorism, ignorance is not bliss. It's deadly — totally deadly. ... Clinton's State Department was in charge of admissions and the admissions process for people applying to enter from overseas. Having learned nothing from these attacks, she now plans to massively increase admissions without a screening plan including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country. Tell me, tell me – how stupid is that? This could be a better, bigger, more horrible version than the legendary Trojan Horse ever was. Altogether, under the Clinton plan, you'd be admitting hundreds of thousands of refugees from the Middle East with no system to vet them, or to prevent the radicalization of the children and their children. Not only their children, by the way, they're trying to take over our children and convince them how wonderful ISIS is and how wonderful Islam is and we don't know what's happening. The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why she believes immigration from these dangerous countries should be increased without any effective system to really to screen. We're not screening people.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
希拉里·克林顿灾难性的移民计划将带来更多激进的伊斯兰移民涌入美国，不仅威胁着我们的社会，也威胁着我们的整个生活方式。面对激进的伊斯兰恐怖主义，无知绝非福分。它是致命的——绝对致命的……克林顿政府的国务院负责海外申请人的入境和入境程序。她没有从这些袭击事件中吸取任何教训，现在却计划在没有筛查计划的情况下大幅增加入境人数，其中包括将进入我国的叙利亚难民数量增加500%。告诉我，告诉我——这有多愚蠢？这可能比传说中的特洛伊木马更可怕、更可怕、更可怕。总而言之，按照克林顿的计划，你将接收数十万来自中东的难民，却没有任何系统对他们进行审查，也无法防止这些难民及其子女被极端化。顺便说一句，他们不仅针对他们的孩子，还试图控制我们的孩子，让他们相信ISIS多么美好，伊斯兰教多么美好，而我们对此一无所知。希拉里·克林顿有责任告诉我们，为什么她认为应该增加来自这些危险国家的移民，却没有任何有效的筛查系统。我们不会筛查人。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

The truth is plain to see — if you want freedom, take pride in your country; if you want democracy, hold onto your sovereignty, and if you want peace, love your nation. Wise leaders always put the good of their own people and their own country first. The future does not belong to globalists. The future belongs to patriots. The future belongs to sovereign and independent nations who protect their citizens, respect their neighbours, and honor the differences that make each country special and unique.
—Address to United Nations General Assembly, quoted in Tim Pearce (13 September 2019), "Trump UN speech knocks globalism: The future belongs to nationalism", Washington Examiner
真相显而易见——如果你想要自由，就为你的国家感到自豪；如果你想要民主，就维护你的主权；如果你想要和平，就热爱你的国家。明智的领导人总是把自己人民和国家的利益放在首位。未来不属于全球主义者。未来属于爱国者。未来属于那些保护公民、尊重邻国、尊重每个国家独特之处的主权独立国家。
——联合国大会演讲，引自蒂姆·皮尔斯（2019年9月13日），《华盛顿观察家报》：“特朗普联合国演讲重击全球主义：未来属于民族主义”

Well, I think if they win, I should get all the credit. And if they lose, I should not be blamed at all, OK, but it’ll probably be just the opposite.
—Trump Hoped for a Celebration but Did Not Have Much to Cheer (By By Michael C. Bender and Maggie Haberman November 9, 2022, 2:33 a.m. ET)
嗯，我觉得如果他们赢了，功劳应该全归于我。如果他们输了，我根本就不应该受到责备，好吧，但结果可能恰恰相反。
——特朗普希望庆祝一番，却没有太多值得欢呼的事情（作者：迈克尔·C·本德和玛吉·哈伯曼，2022年11月9日，美国东部时间凌晨2:33）

I'm on the conservative side, but [Pat] Buchanan is Attila the Hun.
—As quoted in Selected Quotes from Newsweek Magazine, 1999 — Richard Watanabe - Newsweek Quotes, 1999. Sph.umich.edu. Retrieved on 2010-06-13.
我偏保守，但帕特·布坎南就是匈奴王阿提拉。
——摘自1999年《新闻周刊》语录选——理查德·渡边——《新闻周刊语录》，1999年。Sph.umich.edu。检索于2010年6月13日。

I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs & knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!
—Via twitter posted 11:37 AM · Oct 5, 2020
我今天下午6:30就要离开伟大的沃尔特·里德医疗中心了。感觉真好！别害怕新冠，别让它主宰你的生活。在特朗普政府的领导下，我们研发出了一些非常棒的药物和知识。我感觉比20年前好多了！
——推特 2020年10月5日上午11:37

My net worth fluctuates, and it goes up and down with the markets and with attitudes and with feelings, even my own feelings, but I try.
—Claimed in December 2007, quoted in "Trump: I'm worth whatever I feel", CNN (April 21, 2011)
我的净资产波动很大，会随着市场、态度、感受，甚至我自己的感受而起伏，但我会努力。
——2007年12月自述，转载自CNN（2011年4月21日）的报道“特朗普：我的价值取决于我的感受”

It's like in golf. A lot of people — I don't want this to sound trivial — but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive. It's weird. You see these great players with these really long putters, because they can't sink three-footers anymore. And, I hate it. I am a traditionalist. I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.
—on his opposition to same-sex marriage. Barbaro, Michael (1 May 2011), "After Roasting, Trump Reacts In Character", New York Times, retrieved on 2011-05-06
就像打高尔夫一样。很多人——我不想让这听起来太琐碎——都开始换这种非常长的推杆了，这种推杆非常不吸引人。这很奇怪。你会看到一些伟大的球员都用这种非常长的推杆，因为他们再也打不出三英尺的球了。而且，我讨厌这种推杆。我是个传统主义者。我有很多很棒的朋友，他们恰好是同性恋，但我还是个传统主义者。
——关于他反对同性婚姻。迈克尔·巴巴罗（2011年5月1日），《特朗普在被吐槽后以本色回应》，《纽约时报》，检索于2011年5月6日

We have, just, no intelligence gathering information. We need this information so badly. ... We need an intelligence gathering system second to none. Second to none. That includes better cooperation between state, local and federal officials, and with our allies, very importantly. I will have an Attorney General, a Director of National Intelligence and a Secretary of Defense who'll know how to fight a war on radical Islamic terrorism.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我们根本没有情报收集信息。我们非常需要这些信息……我们需要一个首屈一指的情报收集系统。首屈一指。这包括州、地方和联邦官员之间以及与我们的盟友之间更好的合作，这一点非常重要。我将任命一位司法部长、一位国家情报总监和一位国防部长，他们知道如何打击激进的伊斯兰恐怖主义。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

People don't know how great you are. People don't know how smart you are. These are the smart people. These are the smart people. These are really the smart people. And they never like to say it, but I say it. And I'm a smart person. These are the smart. We have the smartest people. We have the smartest people. And they know it. Some say it, but they hate to say it. But we have the smartest people.
—Council Bluffs, Iowa, quoted in "Donald Trump's Bizarre Speech: 'You Are The Smartest People'", Leading Britain's Conversation, 29 September 2016
人们不知道你有多伟大。人们不知道你有多聪明。这些人才是聪明人。这些人才是真正的聪明人。他们从来不喜欢这么说，但我却这么说。我就是聪明人。这些人才是聪明人。我们拥有最聪明的人。我们拥有最聪明的人。他们自己也知道这一点。有些人这么说，但他们不愿这么说。但我们拥有最聪明的人。
——爱荷华州康瑟尔布拉夫斯，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普的奇异演讲：‘你们是最聪明的人’》，《引领英国对话》，2016年9月29日

That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful.
—About Hillary Clinton email controversy
那不仅仅是个错误，而是故意的。明白吗？那不是错误，而是故意的。当你的员工援引第五修正案，援引第五修正案以避免被起诉，当你让那个搭建非法服务器的人援引第五修正案时，我认为这是可耻的。
——关于希拉里·克林顿邮件争议

America is governed by Americans. We reject the ideology of globalism and we embrace the doctrine of patriotism.
—Address to UN General Assembly, quoted in Robin Wright (25 September 2018), "Trump’s Speech at the U.N. Triggers Laughter—and Disbelief", The New Yorker
美国由美国人统治。我们拒绝全球主义意识形态，我们拥护爱国主义信条。
——联合国大会演讲，摘自罗宾·赖特（2018年9月25日），《纽约客》：“特朗普在联合国的演讲引发笑声和怀疑”

You know, I had an uncle. He's the longest-serving professor, Doctor John Trump, in the history of MIT, with same genes—we have genes, we're smart people, we're smart people... We're like race—Mr. Lieutenant Governor—we're like racehorses, too. You know, the fast ones produce the fast ones, and the slow ones doesn't work out so well, right? But we're no different in that sense.
—January 2024
你知道，我有个叔叔。他是麻省理工学院历史上任职时间最长的教授，约翰·特朗普博士，和他有着同样的基因——我们有基因，我们是聪明人，我们是聪明人……我们就像种族——副州长先生——我们也像赛马。你知道，跑得快的会生出跑得快的，跑得慢的就没那么好，对吧？但从这个意义上来说，我们没什么不同。
——2024年1月

I think it's a great gesture from Qatar. I appreciate it very much. I would never be one to turn down that kind of an offer.
I mean, I could be a stupid person, say, 'No, we don't want a free, very expensive airplane.' I thought it was a great gesture.
…They're giving us a free jet. I could say, 'No, no, no, don't give us. I want to pay you a billion or $400 million, or whatever it is.' Or I could say, 'Thank you very much.'
—Speaking to reporters at the White House regarding accepting a gift of a $400 million 747 airplane from Qatar, quoted in Trump says it would be "stupid" not to accept free jet from Qatar Axios (May 12, 2025)
我认为卡塔尔的举动非常慷慨，我非常感激。我绝不会拒绝这样的好意。
我的意思是，就算我笨到说：“不，我们不要一架免费的、价格不菲的飞机。” 但我还是觉得卡塔尔的举动非常慷慨。
……他们给了我们一架免费的飞机。我可以说：“不，不，不，别给我们。我想付给你们10亿美元或4亿美元，或者其他任何数额。” 或者我可以说：“非常感谢。”
——特朗普在白宫接受记者采访时谈到接受卡塔尔赠送的价值4亿美元的747飞机，引自《Axios》（2025年5月12日）报道

I'm not big on compromise. I understand compromise. Sometimes compromise is the right answer, but oftentimes compromise is the equivalent of defeat, and I don't like being defeated.
—Life, Vol. 12 (January 1989), p. iii
我不太喜欢妥协。我理解妥协。有时妥协是正确的答案，但很多时候妥协就等同于失败，而我不喜欢被打败。
——《生活》，第12卷（1989年1月），第iii页

I think if this country gets any kinder or gentler, it's literally going to cease to exist.
—Playboy (March 1990)
我想，如果这个国家再仁慈一点、再温和一点，它真的会不复存在。
——《花花公子》（1990年3月）

I generally oppose gun control, but I support the ban on assault weapons.
—Trump, Donald; Shiflett, Dave (2000). The America We Deserve. Renaissance Books. ISBN 1580631312.; Qiu, Linda; Bennett, Kitty (March 12, 2018). "Trump's Evolving Positions on Gun Issues". The New York Times. Retrieved on September 6, 2018.
我总体上反对枪支管制，但我支持禁止攻击性武器。
——特朗普，唐纳德；戴夫·希夫利特（2000）。《我们应得的美国》。文艺复兴出版社。ISBN 1580631312。；邱，琳达；贝内特，基蒂（2018年3月12日）。“特朗普在枪支问题上的立场演变”。《纽约时报》。2018年9月6日检索

I don't know. I really don't know. I don't know why he wouldn't release his records.
—When asked whether he thought Barack Obama was born in the U.S. — as quoted in Nick Gass (10 July 2015), "Trump: I'm still a birther", Politico
我不知道。我真的不知道。我不知道他为什么不肯公布自己的记录。
——当被问及他是否认为巴拉克·奥巴马出生在美国时——引自尼克·加斯（2015年7月10日），《特朗普：我仍然是出生地质疑者》，《政治报》

I think there has to be a trust. There actually has to be a trust. If you don't trust, you're not going to do very well.
—In response to a reporter's line of questioning on what his specific plans will be to achieve the goals of his campaign. "Trump on Specifics of His Proposals: ‘Trust Me'" (12 August 2015), by Melanie Hunter
我认为必须有信任。真的必须有信任。如果你不信任，你就不会做得很好。
——回答记者关于他为实现竞选目标将制定哪些具体计划的问题。“特朗普谈其提案细节：‘相信我’”（2015年8月12日），梅兰妮·亨特

We're a nation that speaks English. I think that, while we're in this nation, we should be speaking English... that's how we assimilate.
—"Donald Trump: "While We're in This Nation, We Should Be Speaking English"", The Hollywood Reporter, 3 September 2015
我们是一个讲英语的国家。我认为，只要我们在这个国家，就应该说英语……这样我们才能融入当地社会。
——“唐纳德·特朗普：‘只要我们在这个国家，就应该说英语’”，《好莱坞报道》，2015年9月3日

He was such a nice guy. And he said, Oh, I'm never going to attack. But then his poll numbers tanked. He's got -- that's why he's on the end -- and he got nasty. And he got nasty. So you know what? You can have him.
—Response to John Kasich "CNBC Republican debate transcript", CNBC, 28 October 2015
他真是个好人。他说，哦，我永远不会攻击他。但后来他的民调数据暴跌。他——这就是为什么他排在最后——然后变得恶毒起来。他变得恶毒起来。所以你知道吗？你可以打败他。
——回应约翰·卡西奇“CNBC共和党辩论记录”，CNBC，2015年10月28日

I'm trying to figure out, let's see, I'm in my room, in New York city, and I want to put a little spray, so I can, you know [mimes spraying] right, right, but I hear they don't want me to use the hairspray, they want me to use the pump, because the other one, which I really like better than going [mimes pumping] bang, bang, bang, and then it comes out in big globs, right, and it's stuck in your hair and you say, "Oh my god I've got to take a shower again, my hair's all screwed up", right, I want to use hairspray, but they say "Don't use hairspray, it's bad for the ozone", so I'm sitting in this concealed [sic] apartment, this concealed unit (you know I do live in a very apartment, right) but it's sealed (it's beautiful) I don't think anything gets out, and I'm not supposed to be using hairspray!
—30 December 2015 speaking at a rally in Hilton Head, SC
我正在想办法，让我想想，我在纽约的房间里，我想喷一点喷雾，这样我就可以，你知道 [模仿喷洒] 对，对，但我听说他们不想让我用发胶，他们想让我用泵，因为另一个，我真的更喜欢它，而不是 [模仿泵] 砰，砰，砰，然后它会以大团的形式出来，对，它会粘在你的头发上，你会说，“哦，天哪，我得再洗个澡，我的头发都乱了”，对，我想用发胶，但他们说“不要用发胶，它对臭氧有害”，所以我坐在这个隐蔽的公寓里，这个隐蔽的单元（你知道我确实住在一个非常公寓里，对吧）但它是密封的（很漂亮）我认为没有什么东西会跑出来，我不应该使用发胶！ 
——2015年12月30日在南卡罗来纳州希尔顿黑德岛的一次集会上发表讲话

Ted Cruz: Donald, relax.
Donald Trump: I'm relaxed. You're the basket case. Go ahead, don't get nervous.
—CNN-Telemundo Republican debate (25 February 2016)
特德·克鲁兹：唐纳德，放松。
唐纳德·特朗普：我很放松。你简直是疯子。来吧，别紧张。
——CNN-Telemundo 共和党辩论（2016年2月25日）

Donald Trump: I think you've become very negative.
Bill O'Reilly: Why would I do that?
Trump: Who knows. You'll have to ask your psychiatrist.
—"Trump to O'Reilly: 'I think you've become very negative'" by Nick Gass, Politico (3 March 2016)
唐纳德·特朗普：我觉得你变得非常消极了。
比尔·奥莱利：我为什么要这么做？
特朗普：谁知道呢。你得问问你的精神科医生。
——尼克·加斯，《政治报》（2016年3月3日）

Obama: But you would rule in the possibility to fight against ISIS.
Trump: Well, I'm never gonna rule anything out. And I wouldn't wanna say. Even if I felt -- it wasn't going -- I wouldn't wanna tell you that because, at a minimum, I want them to think maybe that we would use it.
—As part of a conversation with Barack Obama about ruling out the use of nuclear weapons (March 23, 2016) reported 24 March 2016 by CBS
奥巴马：但你会排除打击ISIS的可能性。
特朗普：嗯，我永远不会排除任何可能性。我也不想说。即使我觉得——不会——我也不想告诉你，因为至少我想让他们认为我们可能会使用核武器。
——CBS于2016年3月24日报道，这是与巴拉克·奥巴马关于排除使用核武器可能性的谈话内容（2016年3月23日）

I love working. I'm not a vacation guy. Right? Like Obama, he plays golf in Hawaii. He flies in a 747.
—Hardball with Chris Matthews, August 4, 2017 April 21, 2016 rally
我喜欢工作。我不喜欢度假。对吧？像奥巴马一样，他在夏威夷打高尔夫球。他坐的是波音747飞机。
——《硬球》（Hardball with Chris Matthews），2017年8月4日 - 2016年4月21日集会

Don't worry about that baby. I love babies. I hear that baby crying, I like it. What a baby. What a beautiful baby. Don't worry, don't worry. The mom's running around like—don't worry about it, you know. It's young and beautiful and healthy and that's what we want. [...] Actually, I was only kidding, you can get the baby out of here. That's all right. Don't worry. I, I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I'm speaking. That's OK. People don't understand. That's OK.
—At a rally in Ashburn, Virginia. (August 2, 2016)
别担心那个孩子。我爱孩子。听到宝宝哭，我就喜欢。多棒的宝宝啊，多漂亮的宝宝啊。别担心，别担心。宝宝的妈妈跑来跑去，就像——别担心，你知道的。它年轻、漂亮、健康，这就是我们想要的。[...] 其实我只是开个玩笑，你可以把孩子带走。没关系。别担心。我，我想她真的相信我，我喜欢听宝宝在我讲话的时候哭。没关系。人们不理解。没关系。
——在弗吉尼亚州阿什本的一次集会上。（2016年8月2日）

I'm the messenger, but I'll tell you what, the message is the right message.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我是信使，但我要告诉你，这条信息是正确的。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

I can't believe I'm saying I'm a politician.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我真不敢相信我竟然说自己是个政客。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

And I have to give the FBI credit, that was so bad, what happened, originally, and it took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made, in light of the kind of opposition he had, with their trying to protect her from criminal prosecution, you know that. It took a lot of guts, I really disagreed with him, I was not his fan, but I'll tell you what, what he did, he brought back his reputation, he brought it back. He's got to hang tough, because there's a lot of, lotta people, want him to do the wrong thing, what he did was the right thing.
—At a rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan shortly after Comey announced the FBI would investigate further emails relating to Hillary Clinton, but before his statement that no incriminating information was found within them (31 October 2016)
我必须赞扬联邦调查局，事情最初发展得非常糟糕，科米局长需要很大的勇气才能做出这样的举动，因为他面临着巨大的阻力，他们试图保护希拉里免受刑事起诉，你知道的。这需要很大的勇气，我之前真的不同意他的观点，我不是他的粉丝，但我要告诉你，他所做的，他挽回了自己的声誉，真的挽回了。他必须坚持下去，因为很多人希望他做错事，但他做的是对的。
——科米宣布联邦调查局将进一步调查与希拉里·克林顿相关的电子邮件后不久，在密歇根州大急流城的一次集会上，在他声明未在邮件中发现任何罪证之前（2016年10月31日）

I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has.
—Quoted by Sam Stein (3 November 2016), "Donald Trump Is Honored To Have The Greatest Temperament, Donald Trump Says", Huffington Post
我也很荣幸拥有世上最伟大的气质。
——萨姆·斯坦（2016年11月3日）《赫芬顿邮报》报道，“唐纳德·特朗普称自己很荣幸拥有最伟大的气质”

I am the least anti-Semitic person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life
—17 February 2017 per CNBC
我是你这辈子见过的最不反犹太的人
——2017年2月17日 CNBC报道

I said, who the hell wants to speak about politics when I'm in front of the boy scouts, right?
—Trump inspiring young people at the 2017 National Scout Jamboree (24 July 2017)
我说，我在童子军面前，谁会想谈政治呢？对吧？
——特朗普在2017年全国童子军大露营上激励年轻人（2017年7月24日）

And chain migration -- think of that. So you come in, and now you can bring your family, and then you can bring your mother and your father. You can bring your grandmother. You can bring your this; you can bring -- we had somebody on the West Side Highway, which I know very well -- in Manhattan -- he ran over -- I think he killed about eight people
—5 April 2018
还有连锁移民——想想看。所以你进来，现在你可以带上你的家人，然后你可以带上你的父母。你可以带上你的祖母。你可以带上你的这个；你可以带上——我们在曼哈顿西区高速公路上，我非常了解那里——有人撞死了——我记得他撞死了大约八个人。
——2018年4月5日

but we have to do it gently because we're in the #MeToo generation, so we have to be very gentle.
we will very gently take that kit, and we will slowly toss it, hoping it doesn't hit her and injure her arm.
—5 July 2018 per Washington Post
但我们必须动作轻柔，因为我们是#MeToo一代，所以我们必须非常温柔。
我们会非常小心地拿起那套工具，慢慢地把它扔出去，希望它不会砸到她，弄伤她的胳膊。
——2018年7月5日，《华盛顿邮报》

we're getting out and we're getting out smart and we're winning, we're winning. OK. But just to answer your question, Over a period of time. I never said I'm getting out tomorrow I said I'm pulling our soldiers out and they will be pulled back in Syria, that we're getting out of Syria. Yeah absolutely. But we're getting out very powerfully.
—2 January 2019
我们正在撤军，而且撤军的方式很巧妙，我们正在赢得胜利。好的。但我只是回答你的问题，在一段时间内。我从来没有说过我明天就要撤军，我说的是我要撤出我们的士兵，他们会撤回叙利亚，我们会撤出叙利亚。是的，绝对的。但我们撤军的方式非常有力。
——2019年1月2日

We do a lot of good work. This administration does a tremendous job and we don't get credit for it. So Prime Minister Abe gave me — I mean it's the most beautiful five-page letter, Nobel Prize, he sent it to them. You know why? Because he had rocket ships and he had missiles flying over Japan, and they had alarms going off — you know that. Now all of the sudden they feel good, they feel safe. I did that.
—In fact, I think I can say this, Prime Minister Abe of Japan gave me the most beautiful copy of a letter that he sent to the people who give out a thing called the Nobel Prize. He said: "I have nominated you, respectfully, on behalf of Japan. I am asking them to give you the Nobel Peace Prize." I said, 'Thank you.'
—15 February 2019 (Gregorian, Dareh. "You won't believe what Trump just said: 6 eye-popping moments". NBC News.)
我们做了很多有益的工作。本届政府做得非常出色，但我们却没有得到任何赞誉。所以安倍首相给了我——我的意思是，这是一封极其优美的五页信，他把诺贝尔奖颁给了他们。你知道为什么吗？因为他派了火箭飞船和导弹飞越日本上空，还拉响了警报——你知道的。现在他们突然感觉良好，感到安全了。我做到了。
——事实上，我想我可以这么说，日本安倍首相给了我一封极其优美的信的副本，这封信是他写给颁发诺贝尔奖的人的。他说：“我代表日本恭敬地提名你。我请求他们授予你诺贝尔和平奖。”我说：“谢谢。”
——2019年2月15日（格里高利，达雷。“你不会相信特朗普刚才说了什么：6个令人瞠目结舌的时刻”。NBC新闻。）

I think my rhetoric is a very – it brings people together.
—Quoted by Steve Benen (7 August 2019), "While slamming critics, Trump says his words ‘bring people together’", MSNBC
我认为我的言论非常——它能把人们团结起来。
——史蒂夫·贝宁（Steve Benen）（2019年8月7日）“特朗普在抨击批评者的同时，表示他的言论‘能把人们团结起来’”，MSNBC

Well, I think the 3.4% is really a false number. Now, and this is just my hunch, and — but based on a lot of conversations with a lot of people that do this. Because a lot people will have this and it's very mild. They'll get better very rapidly. They don't even see a doctor. They don't even call a doctor. You never hear about those people. So you can't put them down in the category of the overall population in terms of this corona flu and/or virus. So you just can't do that. So, if, you know, we have thousands or hundreds of thousands of people that get better just by, you know, sitting around and even going to work. Some of them go to work, but they get better.
—Hannity, Fox News, 2020-03-04, quoted in Inae Oh (5 March 2020), "Trump Unleashes More Coronavirus Misinformation on National Television", Mother Jones
嗯，我认为3.4%真的是一个错误的数字。这只是我的直觉，而且——基于我与很多从事这方面工作的人的多次交谈。因为很多人会感染这种病毒，而且症状很轻微。他们会很快好起来。他们甚至不用去看医生，也不用打电话。你根本听不到这些人的消息。所以你不能把他们归入新冠病毒感染者的总人口类别中。你根本做不到。所以，你知道，我们有成千上万的人，仅仅因为坐着不动，甚至去上班就能好起来。他们中的一些人去上班了，但最终还是好起来了。
——汉尼提，福克斯新闻，2020年3月4日，引自Inae Oh（2020年3月5日），“特朗普在国家电视台散布更多新冠病毒虚假信息”，《琼斯母亲》

It's a very contagious virus. It's incredible. But it's something we have tremendous control of. I think very important the young people, people of good health and groups of people just are not strongly affected.
—In a White House briefing, as quoted in Daniel Dale (15 March 2020), "Fact check: Trump falsely claims US has 'tremendous control' of the coronavirus", CNN
这是一种传染性极强的病毒，令人难以置信。但我们对它有着极强的控制力。我认为，重要的是年轻人、健康状况良好的人以及一些群体不会受到严重影响。
——据丹尼尔·戴尔（Daniel Dale）在2020年3月15日发表的白宫简报《事实核查：特朗普谎称美国对新冠病毒‘拥有极强的控制力’》，CNN

I just want to reiterate, because a lot of people have been asking, well, what would have happened if we did nothing? Did nothing, we just rode it out, and I’ve been asking that question to Tony and Deborah, and they’ve been talking to me about it for a long time, other people have been asking that question, and I think we got our most accurate study today, or certainly most comprehensive. Think of the number, potentially, 2.2 million people if we did nothing. If we didn’t do the distancing, if we didn’t do all of the things that we’re doing. When you hear those numbers, you start to realize that, with the kind of work we went through last week, with the $2.2 trillion, it no longer sounds like a lot, right? You’re talking about, when I heard the number today, first time I’ve heard that number, because I’ve been asking the same question that some people have been asking, I felt even better about what we did last week with the $2.2 trillion, because you’re talking about a potential of up to 2.2 million, and some people said it could even be higher than that. So you’re talking about 2.2 million deaths. 2.2 million people from this. If we can hold that down as we’re saying, to 100,000, it’s a horrible number. Maybe even less, but to 100,000, so we have between 100 and 200,000, we altogether have done a very good job. 2.2, up to 2.2 million deaths and maybe even beyond that? I’m feeling very good about what we did last week.
—Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, March 29, 2020, transcript online at Rev
我只想重申一下，因为很多人一直在问，如果我们什么都不做会发生什么？什么都不做，我们就挺过去了。我一直在问托尼和黛博拉这个问题，他们也跟我讨论这个问题很久了，其他人也一直在问这个问题。我认为我们今天得到了最准确的研究，或者说是最全面的研究。想想看，如果我们什么都不做，可能会有220万人受到影响。如果我们没有保持社交距离，如果我们没有采取我们正在做的所有措施。当你听到这些数字时，你会开始意识到，考虑到我们上周所做的工作，考虑到2.2万亿美元，这听起来已经不算多了吧？您说的是，今天我第一次听到这个数字，因为我一直在问一些人一直在问的同一个问题。我对我们上周用2.2万亿美元所做的工作感到更加欣慰，因为您说的死亡人数可能高达220万，而有些人说甚至可能更高。所以您说的是220万人死亡。220万人因此丧命。如果我们能像我们说的那样，把死亡人数控制在10万，那将是一个可怕的数字。也许更少，但控制在10万，也就是10万到20万之间，我们总体来说已经做得很好了。220万，也就是高达220万的死亡人数，甚至可能更多？我对我们上周的工作感到非常欣慰。
——冠状病毒工作组简报，2020年3月29日，Rev. 在线记录

So we’ve done 1,670,000 tests. Think of that 1,670,000 tests. And we have a great system. Now we’re working with the states in almost all instances, but we have a great system. And the other thing that we bought a tremendous amount of is the hydroxy chloroquine. Hydroxy chloroquine, which I think is, you know, it’s a great malaria drug. It’s worked unbelievably. It’s a powerful drug on malaria and there are signs that it works on this, some very strong signs and in the meantime it’s been around a long time. It also works very powerfully on lupus, so there are some very strong powerful signs and we’ll have to see because again, it’s tested.
—Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, April 5. Transcript at Rev.
我们已经做了167万次检测。想想那167万次检测吧。我们拥有一个非常棒的系统。现在我们几乎在所有情况下都与各州合作，但我们拥有一个非常棒的系统。我们还购买了大量羟氯喹。羟氯喹，我认为它是一种非常有效的抗疟疾药物。它的效果令人难以置信。它是一种强效的抗疟疾药物，有迹象表明它对这种疾病有效，一些迹象非常明显，而且它已经存在很长时间了。它对狼疮也非常有效，所以有一些迹象非常明显，我们拭目以待，因为它已经经过测试了。
——冠状病毒特别工作组简报，4月5日。Rev. 记录

So supposing we hit the body with a tremendous, whether it’s ultraviolet or just very powerful light and I think you said that hasn't been checked but you’re going to test it. And then I said supposing you brought the light inside the body, which you can do either through the skin or in some other way.
—Trump, suggesting a way to cure COVID-19, as quoted by Hunter Woodall (23 April 2020), "'Jaw-Dropping’: Trump Slammed for Touting Dangerous New Virus Treatments After Favored Drug Is Discredited", Daily Beast
假设我们用强光照射人体，无论是紫外线还是非常强的光——我想你说过这还没有被验证过，但你会去测试一下。然后我说假设你把光带入体内，你可以通过皮肤或其他方式来实现。
——特朗普建议一种治疗新冠肺炎的方法，引自亨特·伍德尔（2020年4月23日），“‘令人震惊’：特朗普因兜售危险的新型病毒疗法而受到抨击，此前他所钟爱的药物名誉扫地”，《每日野兽》

I said, 'General, there's no way I can make it down that ramp without falling on my ass, general. I have no railing.'
—As quoted by Chris Cillizza (20 June 2020), "1,798 words that prove how obsessed Donald Trump is with the West Point ramp story", CNN
我说：“将军，我不可能从那个斜坡上下来而不摔个屁股，将军。我没有栏杆。”
——克里斯·西利扎 (Chris Cillizza)（2020年6月20日）称，“1798个字足以证明唐纳德·特朗普对西点军校斜坡事件的痴迷”，CNN

By the way, it’s a disease, without question [that] has more names than any disease in history. I can name “kung flu.” I can name 19 different versions of names. Many call it a virus, which it is. Many call it a flu. What difference? I think we have 19 or 20 different versions of the name.
—Discussing the COVID-19 pandemic at a campaign rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma on June 21, as quoted by Osita Nwanevu (21 June 2020), "This Is How Trump Plans to Beat Biden", The New Republic
顺便说一句，毫无疑问，这是一种疾病，它的名字比历史上任何疾病都多。我能说出“功夫流感”这个词。我能说出19个不同版本的名字。很多人称它为病毒，事实也的确如此。很多人称它为流感。有什么区别？我觉得这个名字有19到20个不同版本。
——6月21日，在俄克拉荷马州塔尔萨的一场竞选集会上讨论COVID-19疫情，Osita Nwanevu（2020年6月21日）在《新共和》杂志上发表文章《特朗普计划如何击败拜登》

I think we’re gonna be very good with the coronavirus. I think that at some point that’s going to, sort of, just disappear—I hope.
—Spoken on a morning news talk show regarding the COVID-19 pandemic; at the time, the United States had over 120,000 deaths from the virus and over 2.5 million infections. As quoted by Richard Hall (1 July 2020), "Trump again claims coronavirus is ‘going to just disappear’ as US sees record number of new cases", The Independent
我认为我们会很好地应对新冠病毒。我认为，在某个时候，它会自然消失——我希望如此。
——在一档早间新闻脱口秀节目中谈到新冠疫情；当时，美国有超过12万人死于该病毒，感染人数超过250万。据理查德·霍尔（2020年7月1日）报道，“随着美国新增病例创纪录，特朗普再次声称新冠病毒‘会自然消失’”，《独立报》

It would seem like it based on the explosion. I met with some of our great generals and they just seem to feel that it was. This was not a — some kind of a manufacturing explosion type of a event. … They seem to think it was a attack. It was a bomb of some kind, yes.
—When asked why he called an explosion in Beirut an attack and not an accident, as quoted by Darlene Superville/AP (4 August 2020), "[time.com/5875784/trump-explosion-beirut-attack/ Trump Says Massive Explosion in Beirut Likely an 'Attack']", Time
从爆炸来看，似乎是这样的。我见过几位我们伟大的将军，他们似乎都觉得是这样的。这不是什么——某种制造爆炸的事件。……他们似乎认为这是一次袭击。是某种炸弹，没错。
——当被问及为什么他称贝鲁特爆炸为袭击而不是事故时，据达琳·苏佩维尔/美联社（2020年8月4日）报道，“[time.com/5875784/trump-explosion-beirut-attack/ 特朗普称贝鲁特大规模爆炸可能是一次‘袭击’]”，《时代》杂志

We’re leading in Pennsylvania. We’re leading in Florida. I think we’re leading everywhere.
—Claimed as quoted in Lori Robertson, Robert Farley, Rem Rieder, Eugene Kiely, Jessica McDonald, D'Angelo Gore (28 September 2020), "FactChecking Trump’s Weekend Claims", FactCheck.org
我们在宾夕法尼亚州领先。我们在佛罗里达州领先。我认为我们在所有地方都领先。
——摘自 Lori Robertson、Robert Farley、Rem Rieder、Eugene Kiely、Jessica McDonald 和 D'Angelo Gore（2020 年 9 月 28 日），“核实特朗普周末声明”，FactCheck.org

If you look at the therapeutics, which I’m taking right now, some of them, and others are coming out soon that are looking like, frankly, they’re miracles, if you want to know the truth, they’re miracles. People criticize me when I say that, but we have things happening that look like they’re miracles, coming down from God.
—Quoted by Jessica McDonald, Eugene Kiely, Lori Robertson (3 October 2020), "Trump’s COVID-19 Misinformation Since Testing Positive", FactCheck.org
如果你看看我现在正在服用的疗法，你会发现其中一些，以及其他即将问世的疗法，坦白说，它们看起来就像奇迹，如果你想知道真相，它们就是奇迹。当我这么说的时候，人们会批评我，但我们正在发生的事情看起来像是来自上帝的奇迹。
——摘自杰西卡·麦克唐纳、尤金·基利和洛里·罗伯逊（2020年10月3日），“特朗普自检测呈阳性以来关于新冠疫情的虚假信息”，FactCheck.org

I think this was a blessing from God that I caught it. It was a blessing in disguise.
—Quoted by Kevin Liptak (8 October 2020), "Trump returns to Oval Office and says coronavirus diagnosis was 'blessing from God'", CNN
我想，我感染新冠病毒是上帝的恩赐。这真是因祸得福。
——凯文·利普塔克（2020年10月8日）引用，CNN：“特朗普重返椭圆形办公室，称确诊新冠病毒是‘上帝的恩赐’”

I’m OK with masks. I tell people, wear a mask. But just the other day they came out with a statement that 85% of the people that wear masks catch it.
—Claimed about the coronavirus, as quoted by Brooks Jackson, Lori Robertson, Robert Farley, Angelo Fichera, Jessica McDonald, Rem Rieder, Katie Busch, Eugene Kiely (16 October 2020), "FactChecking Trump’s Town Hall", FactCheck.org
我同意戴口罩。我告诉人们，戴口罩。但就在前几天，他们发表了一份声明，称85%戴口罩的人都会感染新冠病毒。
——关于新冠病毒的说法，引自布鲁克斯·杰克逊、洛里·罗伯逊、罗伯特·法利、安杰洛·菲切拉、杰西卡·麦克唐纳、雷姆·里德、凯蒂·布施、尤金·基利（2020年10月16日），“核实特朗普市政厅”，FactCheck.org

You know we won Georgia, just so you understand.
—Claimed, without evidence, as quoted by Eugene Kiely (5 December 2020), "Fact Check: Trump Makes Bogus Swing State Claim During Campaign Stop In Georgia", GA Today
你知道我们赢了佐治亚州，你懂的。
——未经证实的断言，引自尤金·基利（2020年12月5日），“事实核查：特朗普在佐治亚州竞选期间捏造摇摆州谎言”，佐治亚今日报

Many say I am the greatest star-maker of all time. But some of the stars I produced are actually made of garbage.
—15 July 2021 on DonaldJTrump.com
很多人说我是史上最伟大的造星者。但我造就的一些明星其实都是垃圾。
——2021年7月15日 DonaldJTrump.com

I think I’m the most honest human being perhaps that god ever created.
—Claimed at an an event in Selma, North Carolina, on April 10, 2022, referred to in "Donald Trump Just Described Himself In A Very Unexpected Way", The List (April 12, 2022)
我想我或许是上帝创造的最诚实的人。
——2022年4月10日，在北卡罗来纳州塞尔玛的一场活动中声称，并被《The List》（2022年4月12日）中的“唐纳德·特朗普刚刚以一种非常出人意料的方式描述了自己”提及。

In 2016, I declared: I am your voice. Today, I add: I am your warrior. I am your justice. And for those who have been wronged and betrayed: I am your retribution.
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
2016年，我宣告：我是你们的声音。今天，我再次强调：我是你们的战士。我是你们的正义。对于那些遭受冤屈和背叛的人，我是你们的报应。
——2023年3月4日，CPAC在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

I called [Bill Bar] him ‘Weak, Slow Moving, Lethargic, Gutless, and Lazy,Based on the fact that I greatly appreciate his wholehearted Endorsement, I am removing the word ‘Lethargic’ from my statement.
—25 April 2024 per archive of The Gazette
我称[比尔·巴尔]为“软弱、行动迟缓、昏昏欲睡、胆小、懒惰”的人。基于我非常感谢他全心全意的支持，我将从我的声明中删除“昏昏欲睡”一词。
——2024年4月25日，《公报》档案

I'm not rambling.
—23 June 2024 "'His brains are pudding': Internet mocks Trump for 'incoherent' defense of 'rambling' rant", MSN
我可没胡言乱语。
——2024年6月23日 “‘他的脑子像布丁一样’：互联网嘲笑特朗普为‘胡言乱语’的咆哮所做的‘语无伦次’辩护”，MSN

And then the [Kamala Harris] campaign says, 'I'm the prosecutor and he is the convicted felon.'
—25 July 2024 "Kamala Harris Uses 6-Second Clip Of Trump Telling The Truth About Her Campaign In New Ad—And It's Gold", Comic Sands
然后[卡玛拉·哈里斯]竞选团队就说：“我是检察官，他是被定罪的重罪犯。”
——2024年7月25日 “卡玛拉·哈里斯在新广告中使用特朗普6秒视频讲述她竞选活动的真相——真是太棒了”，Comic Sands

This one is so smart, so sharp. She grabbed me. She gave me a kiss. I said "I think I'm never going back home to the first lady." See now for the average politician, that's death. For me, I don't care.
—4 August 2024 about Michaelah Montgomery at a rally in Georgia about an incident earlier in 2024, cited in "Trump's risqué remark to young activist who went viral for hugging him at Chick-fil-A after he invited her on stage at rally - as she makes VERY personal dig at Kamala", Daily Mail
这位真是太聪明了，太犀利了。她抓住了我，还吻了我一下。我说：“我想我再也回不去第一夫人家了。”现在想想，对普通政客来说，这简直就是死路一条。对我来说，我不在乎。
——2024年8月4日，米凯拉·蒙哥马利在佐治亚州的一场集会上谈到了2024年初的一件事，引自《每日邮报》“特朗普对年轻活动人士的不当言论，这位活动人士在集会上邀请特朗普上台后，在Chick-fil-A餐厅拥抱了他，随后爆红——而她则对卡马拉进行了非常人身攻击”

I think I’m entitled to personal attacks.
Now you’ll say he ranted and raved […] I’m a very calm person, believe it or not.
—16 August 2024 from "Trump’s fury over Harris’ switch with Biden is increasingly driving his campaign", CNN
我觉得我有权进行人身攻击。
现在你会说他咆哮咆哮[…] 不管你信不信，我是个非常冷静的人。
——2024年8月16日，摘自CNN“特朗普对哈里斯转投拜登的愤怒正日益影响他的竞选活动”

You know, he said we’re weird. That J.D. and I are weird. I think we’re extremely normal people. We’re like you, we’re exactly like you.
He [Tim Walz] is weird. Did you ever see him go on the stage and go, like, crazy? Between his movement and her laugh, there’s a lot of crazy. I’d say a step further than weird, weird is a nice word by comparison.
—19 August 2024 to a small crowd in York, Pennsylvania, quoted in "Trump Insists He’s “Extremely Normal” During Incredibly Weird Speech", Yahoo News / The New Republic
你知道，他说我们很奇怪。说我和J.D.很奇怪。我觉得我们是非常正常的人。我们和你一样，一模一样。
他（蒂姆·沃尔兹）很奇怪。你见过他上台后变得像疯子一样吗？从他的动作到她的笑声，疯狂程度可谓十足。我想说，比“奇怪”更进一步，相比之下，“奇怪”这个词还算不错。
——2024年8月19日，在宾夕法尼亚州约克市对一小群人说，摘自雅虎新闻/《新共和》“特朗普在极其奇怪的演讲中坚称自己“非常正常””

I don't know what happened. With the bomb threats. I know that it's been taken over by illegal migrants, and that's a terrible thing that happened. Springfield was this beautiful town, and now they're going through hell.
—How life in Springfield has been disrupted by lies about its Haitian community, PBS News (17 September, 2024)
我不知道发生了什么。还有炸弹威胁。我知道它被非法移民占领了，这是一件可怕的事情。斯普林菲尔德曾经是一个美丽的小镇，现在他们却在经历地狱般的折磨。
——关于海地社区的谎言如何扰乱了斯普林菲尔德的生活，PBS新闻（2024年9月17日）

This is Martin Luther King on steroids. I told that to Mark. I said, 'I think you're better than Martin Luther King. I think you are Martin Luther King times two.'
—Said about candidate for North Carolina governor Mark Robinson, quoted in "Robinson not expected to attend Trump's North Carolina rally amid scandal: Sources", ABC News (September 21, 2024)
这简直就是马丁·路德·金的升级版。我跟马克说过这番话。我说：“我觉得你比马丁·路德·金还要优秀。我觉得你是马丁·路德·金的两倍。”
——这是关于北卡罗来纳州州长候选人马克·罗宾逊的言论，引自《消息人士称，罗宾逊预计不会出席特朗普在北卡罗来纳州的集会》，ABC新闻（2024年9月21日）

They didn't correct her [Harris] once and they corrected me. Everything I said, practically, I think 9 times or 11 times. And the audience was absolutely, they went crazy. And the real, I thought, I walked off and I said, 'that was a great debate, I loved it.'
—Regarding the debate audience (which there wasn‘t one), Donald Trump's Debate Crowd Comment Sparks Confusion: 'They Went Crazy', Newsweek (September 19, 2024)
他们一次都没纠正她[哈里斯]，而是纠正了我。我所说的每一句话，实际上，我记得大概重复了9到11遍。观众们都疯了。而真正的观众，我想，我走开后说：“这是一场精彩的辩论，我太喜欢了。”
——关于辩论观众（实际上没有观众），唐纳德·特朗普在辩论现场的评论引发混乱：“他们疯了”，《新闻周刊》（2024年9月19日）

We have another former New York City mayor with us. Frankly, easily the worst in our history. And it's not Michael, that I can tell you. I'm surprised that Bill de Blasio was actually able to make it tonight, to be honest. He was a terrible mayor. I don't give a shit if this is comedy or not. He was a terrible mayor. He did a horrible job. That's not comedy, by the way. That's fact.
—Al Smith dinner (October 17, 2024)
我们还有另一位前纽约市长。坦白说，他绝对是我们历史上最糟糕的一位。而且我可以告诉你，他不是迈克尔。说实话，我很惊讶比尔·德布拉西奥今晚居然能来。他真是个糟糕的市长。我才不在乎这算不算喜剧呢。他真是个糟糕的市长。他做得糟透了。顺便说一句，这不是喜剧。这是事实。
——艾尔·史密斯晚宴（2024年10月17日）

It’s just something that can happen, it can happen. You can even prepare for it, it can happen. Sometimes people are hooked in and you don’t know they’re hooked in. … It’s not a perfect technology, there is no perfect technology.
We always want to use the best technology. This was the best technology for the moment. Again, it wasn’t classified so they probably viewed it as being something that wasn’t that important…
No, I don’t think (national security adviser Mike Waltz) should apologize. I think he’s doing his best. It’s equipment and technology that’s not perfect and probably he won’t be using it again.
—When asked if anyone could be fired after The Atlantic editor Jeffrey Goldberg was invited to a group chat on Signal by national security adviser Mike Waltz, in which top officials discussed details of attacks in Yemen, as reported in Trump on war plans group chat: ‘It’s just something that can happen’ The Hill (March 25, 2025)
这只是有可能发生的事情，它确实会发生。你甚至可以为此做好准备，它确实会发生。有时人们会上瘾，而你却浑然不知。……这不是一项完美的技术，没有完美的技术。
我们总是想使用最好的技术。这是当时最好的技术。再说一次，它没有被列为机密，所以他们可能认为它并不那么重要……
不，我认为（国家安全顾问迈克·沃尔兹）不应该道歉。我认为他已经尽力了。设备和技术并不完美，他可能不会再使用它了。
——当被问及在国家安全顾问迈克·沃尔兹邀请《大西洋月刊》主编杰弗里·戈德堡加入Signal群聊后，是否会有人被解雇时，特朗普在群聊中谈到了也门袭击的细节，并称特朗普在战争计划中表示：“这只是有可能发生的事情。”——《国会山报》（2025年3月25日）

Can I hang our picture together in Mar-a-Lago?
I’VE ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET YOU! Chris, can we take a picture during our all-expenses-paid trip together? I already have the PERFECT spot picked out in Mar-a-Lago to show it off!
MEET TRUMP! ENTER TO WIN
—14 August 2024 mass E-mail sent out to a large number of people. "Can I hang our picture together in Mar-a-Lago?", PoliticalEmails.com (August 14, 2024) "Trump Goes TOTALLY NUTS as his ENTIRE LIFE COLLAPSES", MeidasTouch (August 14, 2024)
我可以在海湖庄园挂我们俩的合影吗？
我一直想见见你！克里斯，我们可以在我们全包的旅行中拍张照吗？我已经在海湖庄园选好了一个完美的位置来炫耀它了！
见见特朗普！参与赢取奖品
——2024年8月14日，群发邮件，内容涉及大量用户。“我可以把我们俩的合影挂在海湖庄园吗？”，PoliticalEmails.com（2024年8月14日）“特朗普彻底疯了，他的整个人生都崩溃了”，MeidasTouch（2024年8月14日）

I’m a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense.
—"Donald Trump's IQ obsession, in 22 quotes" (April 21, 2021)
我是一个非常富有同情心的人（智商很高），并且拥有很强的常识。
——“唐纳德·特朗普对智商的痴迷，22句名言”（2021年4月21日）

I'd never withdraw. I've never withdrawn in my life.
—phone call to the Washington Post (8 October 2016)
我绝不会退缩。我这辈子从来没退缩过。
——致电《华盛顿邮报》（2016年10月8日）

He killed many people, ran them over. Chain migration. According to chain migration, he may have as many as 22 to 24 people that came in with him. His grandfather, his grandmother, his mother, his father, his brother, his sisters. We have to end chain migration. We have to end chain migration.
—8 December 2017
他杀了很多人，把他们碾死。连锁移民。根据连锁移民的说法，和他一起来的可能有22到24个人。他的祖父、祖母、母亲、父亲、兄弟、姐妹。我们必须终止连锁移民。我们必须终止连锁移民。
——2017年12月8日

How about chain migration? How about that? Somebody comes in, he brings his mother, and his father, and his aunt and uncle, 15 times removed. He brings them all
—August 8 campaign rally in Ohio
连锁移民怎么样？怎么样？有人来，就带着他的母亲、父亲、姑姑和叔叔，隔了15代。他把他们都带过来了。
——8月8日俄亥俄州竞选集会

We are born free, and we will stay free. Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country.
—Joel Gehrke (5 January 2019), "Trump to Ocasio-Cortez: 'America will never be a socialist country'", Washington Examiner
我们生而自由，并将保持自由。今晚，我们再次坚定决心：美国永远不会成为社会主义国家。
——乔尔·格尔克（2019年1月5日），《特朗普对奥卡西奥-科尔特斯说：‘美国永远不会成为社会主义国家’》，《华盛顿观察家报》

So an out-of-control wild man kills beautiful Ashli Babbitt, a true Patriot, who was the only one killed on January 6th.
Her mother goes to protest her death and memory, and they arrest her mother.
Something has to be done about these Communists and Marxists that are taking over and destroying our Country.
Pray for Ashli, and her wonderful, brave mother!
—8 January 2023 gab
于是，一个失控的野蛮人杀死了美丽的阿什莉·巴比特，一位真正的爱国者，也是1月6日唯一遇难者。
她的母亲前去抗议她的死亡和纪念，结果他们逮捕了她的母亲。
必须对这些正在接管和摧毁我们国家的共产党员和马克思主义者采取行动。
为阿什莉和她那位勇敢而美好的母亲祈祷！
——2023年1月8日 gab

These people are running a Gestapo administration,And it’s the only thing they have. And it’s the only way they’re going to win in their opinion. Once I got indicted, I said well, now the gloves have to come off,If you care too much, you tend to choke. And in a way, I don’t care. It’s just you know, life is life.
—4 May 2024 per NBC writers Burns/Brooks/Sonnier/Gomez/Terkel
这些人正在管理着一个盖世太保政府，这是他们唯一的武器。在他们看来，这是他们获胜的唯一途径。我被起诉后，我说，好吧，现在必须脱下手套了，如果你太在意，你就会窒息。但从某种程度上来说，我不在乎。你知道，生活就是生活。
——2024年5月4日，NBC记者伯恩斯/布鲁克斯/索尼尔/戈麦斯/特克尔

You know bullies? You know what a bully is, right? You know the bully, I’ve always ― and I found it throughout my life ― a bully is the weakest person. And they’re bullies. Hamas is bullies. The weakest people are bullies. You know that, right?
—'Stunning Freudian Slip': Trump's Hot Take On Bullies Leads To Epic 'Self Own' HuffPost (February 12, 2025)
你了解霸凌吗？你知道什么是霸凌，对吧？你了解霸凌，我一直认为——我一生都在经历——霸凌者是最软弱的人。他们就是霸凌者。哈马斯就是霸凌者。最软弱的人就是霸凌者。你懂的，对吧？
——“令人震惊的弗洛伊德式失言”：特朗普对霸凌的激烈解读引发史诗级“自责”——《赫芬顿邮报》（2025年2月12日）

8. Unfiltered/Controversial Remarks
8. 争议性言论

France isn't France anymore. We're not going. And so many people are saying that. Look at what's going on with Germany. Look at what's happening with Germany. Look at the crime; look at the problems. We have enough problems in our country right now. We don't need additional problems, folks. We don't need additional problems. And for all we know, this could be the great Trojan Horse. This could be. We don't know who these people are. ... We have to get smart, folks. We don't need the problems — and we've already got those problems, just so you understand. Because they're coming into the country, they're being put where nobody even knows where they are. It's like, if I were the enemy, I would say, I can't believe they're that stupid. They're taking my people and they're putting them all over the place, because you have great military right here.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
法国不再是法国了。我们不会走了。很多人都这么说。看看德国的情况。看看德国正在发生什么。看看那些犯罪；看看那些问题。我们国家现在已经问题够多了。我们不需要更多的问题，伙计们。我们不需要更多的问题。据我们所知，这可能是特洛伊木马。可能是。我们不知道这些人是谁……我们必须变得聪明起来，伙计们。我们不需要这些问题——我们已经有这些问题了，你们明白吗？因为他们来到这个国家，被安置在一个甚至无人知晓的地方。如果我是敌人，我会说，我真不敢相信他们竟然这么愚蠢。他们把我的人抓走，然后把他们安置到各处，因为你们这里就有强大的军队。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

How can our great society tolerate the continued brutalization of its citizens by crazed misfits? Criminals must be told that their CIVIL LIBERTIES END WHEN AN ATTACK ON OUR SAFETY BEGINS!
—"Bring Back the Death Penalty. Bring Back Our Police!" An advert taken out by Trump in the New York Daily News and other newspapers in the wake of the arrests of the Central Park Five (whose convictions were eventually vacated once the real perpetrator was identified in 2002) (May 1, 1989)
我们伟大的社会怎能容忍这些疯狂的异类持续虐待公民？必须告诉罪犯，一旦我们的安全受到攻击，他们的公民自由就将终结！
——“恢复死刑！恢复我们的警察！”这是特朗普在中央公园五人案被捕后在《纽约每日新闻》和其他报纸上刊登的广告（2002年，真正的凶手被确认后，他们的定罪最终被撤销）（1989年5月1日）

I said please don't be too nice. Like when you guys put somebody in the car, and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put the hand over, like, don't hit their head, and they've just killed somebody, don't hit their head? I said, you can take the hand away, OK.
—Speaking to police officers at Suffolk County Community College, Long Island (28 July 2017)
我说，拜托别太客气。比如，你们把人抬进车里，你保护着他们的头，你把手放在他们身上，说着别打他们的头，他们刚杀了人，你别打他们的头？我说，你可以把手拿开，好吗？
——2017年7月28日，在长岛萨福克县社区学院对警员的采访

Or, Mike, take the firearms first and then go to court, because that’s another system. Because a lot of times, by the time you go to court, it takes so long to go to court, to get the due process procedures. I like taking the guns early. Like in this crazy man’s case that just took place in Florida, he had a lot of firearms – they saw everything – to go to court would have taken a long time, so you could do exactly what you’re saying, but take the guns first, go through due process second.
—meeting on gun violence Feb. 28, 2018
或者，迈克，先收缴枪支，然后再上法庭，因为那是另一种制度。因为很多时候，等到你上法庭的时候，要花很长时间才能走完正当程序。我喜欢早点收缴枪支。就像刚刚在佛罗里达州发生的这起疯狂男子的案件一样，他有很多枪支——他们什么都看到了——上法庭要花很长时间，所以你可以按照你说的做，但先收缴枪支，然后再走正当程序。
——2018年2月28日枪支暴力会议

You can’t walk across the street to get a loaf of bread. You get shot, you get mugged, you get raped, you get whatever it may be.
—21 August 2024 at a rally in Howell, Michigan, quoted in "Trump's Latest Claim About Crime Is A Real Doozy", Yahoo News / Huffington Post
你不能过马路去买一条面包。你会被枪击，会被抢劫，会被强奸，无论什么都会被你得到。
——2024年8月21日，密歇根州豪厄尔的一场集会，引自雅虎新闻/赫芬顿邮报的“特朗普关于犯罪的最新说法真是一言难尽”

Let's fucking kill him! Let's go in. Let's kill the fucking lot of them.
—About Bashar al-Assad, as quoted in "Bob Woodward's new book reveals a ‘nervous breakdown' of Trump's presidency" (4 September 2018), by Philip Rucker and Robert Costa, The Washington Post
他妈的，杀了他！我们进去！把他们统统杀了。
——关于巴沙尔·阿萨德，引自菲利普·拉克和罗伯特·科斯塔在《华盛顿邮报》发表的《鲍勃·伍德沃德的新书揭露特朗普总统任期‘精神崩溃’》（2018年9月4日）

Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
—Tweet 9 May 2013
各位失败者和仇恨者，抱歉了，但我的智商是最高的——你们都知道！请不要觉得自己这么愚蠢或没有安全感，这不是你们的错
——2013年5月9日推文

Donald Trump: 15,000 people showed up to hear me speak. Bigger than anybody and everybody knows it. A beautiful day with incredible people that were wonderful, great Americans, I will tell you. John McCain goes, "Oh, boy, Trump makes my job difficult. He had 15,000 crazies show up." Crazies. He called them all crazy. I said, they weren't crazy. They were great Americans. These people— if you would have seen these people— you— I know what a crazy is. I know all about crazies. These weren't crazy. So he insulted me and he insulted everybody in that room...
Frank Luntz: He's a war hero.
Donald Trump: He's not a war hero.
Luntz: He's a war hero.
Trump: He is a war hero—
Luntz: Five and a half years in a POW camp.
Trump: He's a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, OK? I hate to tell you.
Luntz: Do you agree with that?
Trump: He's a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured, OK? You can have— and I believe— perhaps he's a war hero, but— but right now he said some very bad things about a lot of people.
—Family Leadership Summit 2015, quoted in Harriet Alexander (18 July 2015), "Donald Trump tells John McCain: 'I like people who weren't captured'", The Telegraph
唐纳德·特朗普：有15000人到场听我演讲。人数之多，无人不知，无人不晓。那真是美好的一天，我得告诉你，来的人都是了不起的、伟大的美国人。约翰·麦凯恩说：“哦，天哪，特朗普让我的工作变得棘手。他让15000个疯子到场。” 疯子。他称他们都是疯子。我说，他们不是疯子。他们是伟大的美国人。这些人——如果你见过这些人——你——我知道什么是疯子。我对疯子了如指掌。他们不是疯子。所以他侮辱了我，侮辱了房间里的每个人……
弗兰克·伦茨：他是个战争英雄。
唐纳德·特朗普：他不是战争英雄。
伦茨：他是个战争英雄。
特朗普：他是个战争英雄——
伦茨：在战俘营待了五年半。
特朗普：他是战争英雄，因为他被捕了。我喜欢那些没被俘的人，好吗？我真不想告诉你。
伦茨：你同意吗？
特朗普：他是战争英雄。他之所以是战争英雄，是因为他被俘了，好吗？你可以说——我相信——他或许是战争英雄，但是——但是现在他对很多人说了一些非常坏的话。
——2015年家庭领袖峰会，引自哈丽特·亚历山大（2015年7月18日），“唐纳德·特朗普告诉约翰·麦凯恩：‘我喜欢那些没被俘的人’”，《每日电讯报》

Our nation stands together in solidarity with the members of Orlando's LGBT community. They have been through something that nobody could ever experience. This is a very dark moment in America's history. A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub, not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens, because of their sexual orientation.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我们国家与奥兰多LGBT群体团结一致。他们经历了无人能及的苦难。这是美国历史上极其黑暗的时刻。一名激进的伊斯兰恐怖分子袭击了这家夜总会，不仅因为他想杀害美国人，更因为他想要处决同性恋公民，仅仅因为他们的性取向。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

Funny how that term caught on, isn't it? I tell everyone, I hated it. Somebody said 'drain the swamp' and I said, 'Oh, that is so hokey. That is so terrible.' I said, all right, I'll try it. So like a month ago I said 'drain the swamp' and the place went crazy. And I said 'Whoa, what's this?' Then I said it again. And then I start saying it like I meant it, right? And then I started to love it, and the place loved it. Drain the swamp. It's true. It's true. Drain the swamp.
—During a rally in Des Moines, Iowa (December 2016)
这个词怎么就流行起来了，真有意思，不是吗？我跟所有人说，我讨厌它。有人说“抽干沼泽”，我说：“哦，这太俗气了，太糟糕了。”我说，好吧，我试试。所以大约一个月前，我说了“抽干沼泽”，现场一下子沸腾了。我说：“哇，这是什么？”然后我又说了一遍。然后我开始认真地说，对吧？然后我开始喜欢上它，现场也喜欢它。抽干沼泽。这是真的。这是真的。抽干沼泽。
——爱荷华州得梅因市集会期间（2016年12月）

He is a liar ... everybody in the White House hated John Bolton.
—Trump described John Bolton, who was picked by Trump to be Security Adviser, as quoted by Nicole Darrah (15 June 2020), "Trump brands John Bolton a ‘LIAR’ and says ‘everybody in the White House hated him’ after bombshell book extracts", The Sun
他是个骗子……白宫里的每个人都讨厌约翰·博尔顿。
——特朗普这样描述被他挑选为安全顾问的约翰·博尔顿，妮可·达拉（2020年6月15日）援引《太阳报》的报道：“特朗普称约翰·博尔顿是‘骗子’，并在爆料出书后说‘白宫里的每个人都讨厌他’。”

I can never apologize for the truth. I don't mind apologizing for things but I can't apologize for the truth.
—"TRUMP: 'I use the word rape and all of a sudden everyone goes crazy'", finance.yahoo.com, 2 July 2015
我永远不会为真相道歉。我不介意为事情道歉，但我不会为真相道歉。
——“特朗普：‘我用了‘强奸’这个词，突然间大家都疯了’”，finance.yahoo.com，2015年7月2日

They were having terrorism problems, just like we do, and he caught 50 terrorists who did tremendous damage and killed many people. And he took the 50 terrorists, and he took 50 men and he dipped 50 bullets in pigs' blood — you heard that, right? He took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs' blood. And he had his men load his rifles, and he lined up the 50 people, and they shot 49 of those people. And the 50th person, he said: You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened. And for 25 years, there wasn't a problem. Okay? Twenty-five years, there wasn't a problem.
—During a campaign stop in Pawley's Island, South Carolina (February 19, 2016) . Referring to a false story about John J. Pershing which has circulated on the Internet.
他们和我们一样，也面临着恐怖主义的威胁。他抓获了50名恐怖分子，这些恐怖分子造成了巨大的破坏，杀死了很多人。他抓获了这50名恐怖分子，并把50颗子弹浸在猪血里——你们听到了吗？他把50颗子弹浸在猪血里。然后他让手下装上子弹，把这50人排成一排，射杀了其中49人。对于第50个人，他说：“你回去告诉你的人，发生了什么事。”结果25年来，一切都安然无恙。明白吗？25年来，一切都安然无恙。
——2016年2月19日，在南卡罗来纳州波利斯岛的一次竞选活动中。指的是网上流传的关于约翰·J·潘兴的虚假故事。

I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
—Trump Mocks Mika Brzezinski (29 June 2017)
我听说评分很低的@Morning_Joe说我坏话（以后别看了）。那智商低的疯子米卡，和神经病乔，跨年前后连续三天晚上都来海湖庄园，还坚持要跟我一起。她当时因为拉皮手术血流不止。我拒绝了！
——特朗普嘲讽米卡·布热津斯基（2017年6月29日）

You've got half the room going totally crazy, wild, they loved everything, they wanna do something great for our country, and you have the other side, even on positive news, really positive news, like that, they were like death, and un-American, un-American. Somebody said treasonous, I mean, yeah I guess, why not? Can we call that treason, why not?
—Speaking in Cincinnati about Democrats did not clap during his State of the Union Address (5 February 2018)
房间里有一半的人都疯了，疯狂了，他们热爱一切，想要为我们的国家做些伟大的事情，而另一方，即使是正面消息，非常正面的消息，他们也像死了一样，非常不爱国，非常不爱国。有人说这是叛国，我的意思是，是啊，我猜，为什么不呢？我们能称之为叛国吗？为什么不呢？
——在辛辛那提发表国情咨文演讲时，民主党人没有鼓掌（2018年2月5日）

I want them to try it. It may work, and it may not work. But if it doesn’t work, it’s nothing lost by doing it. Nothing. Because we know long-term what I want. I want to save lives, and I don’t want it to be in a lab for the next year-and-a-half as people are dying all over the place. In France, they had a very good test. They’re continuing. But we don’t have time to go and say, gee, let’s take a couple of years and test it out, and let’s go and test with the test tubes and the laboratories. We don’t have time. I’d love to do that, but we have people dying today. As we speak, there are people dying. If it works, that’d be great. If it doesn’t work, we know for many years malaria, it’s incredible what it’s done for malaria. It’s incredible what it’s done for lupus, but it doesn’t kill people.
—On using the drug as treatment for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Coronavirus Task Force Briefing (April 5, 2020). Transcript at Rev.
我希望他们尝试一下。它可能有效，也可能无效。但如果无效，尝试一下也没什么损失。一点儿也没有。因为从长远来看，我们知道我想要什么。我想拯救生命，我不想让它在接下来的一年半里一直停留在实验室里，因为到处都有人死去。在法国，他们有一个非常好的测试。他们还在继续。但我们没有时间去说，哎呀，让我们花几年时间去测试一下，让我们去用试管和实验室去测试。我们没有时间。我很想这么做，但今天就有人死去。就在我们说话的时候，就有人死去。如果它有效，那就太好了。如果它无效，我们知道多年来疟疾的疗效令人难以置信。它对红斑狼疮的疗效也令人难以置信，但它不会致人死亡。
——关于使用该药物治疗2019冠状病毒病（COVID-19）。冠状病毒特别工作组简报（2020年4月5日）。Rev. 记录。

A lot of doctors take it. I take it.
I would have told you that three or four days ago, but we never had a chance, because you never asked me the question.
—Trump, about taking the anti-malaria drug hydroxychloroquine to prevent Covid-19 disease, as quoted in Justin Paragona, Adam Rawnsley (18 May 2020), "FDA: This Drug Could Kill You. Trump: I’m Taking It!", The Daily Beast
很多医生都吃这种药。我也吃。
我三四天前就想告诉你，但我们一直没机会，因为你从来没问我这个问题。
——特朗普关于服用抗疟疾药物羟氯喹预防新冠肺炎的言论，引自贾斯汀·帕拉戈纳和亚当·罗恩斯利（2020年5月18日），《FDA：这种药可能会要了你的命。特朗普：我要吃了！》，《每日野兽》

Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians
—Trump commented on a news report saying that Russian spies are paying Taliban for killing US soldiers in Afghanistan, as quoted by Kyle Balluck (28 June 2020), "Trump denies he was briefed on reported bounties on US troops", The Hill
没有人向我、@VP Pence 或 @Coachine Meadows 汇报或告知我所谓的俄罗斯对驻阿富汗美军的袭击。
——特朗普就一则新闻报道发表评论，称俄罗斯间谍向塔利班支付报酬，以换取他们在阿富汗杀害美军士兵。凯尔·巴拉克 (Kyle Balluck) 在 2020 年 6 月 28 日写道：“特朗普否认他曾听取有关美军赏金的汇报”，《国会山报》

If it reached my desk I would have done something about it.
—Trump was commenting on a U.S. intelligence assessment that Russia was paying a bounty to militants in Afghanistan to kill Americans there, as quoted by Hope Yen and Calvin Woodward (28 July 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump hype on drug costs, hydroxychloroquine", Star Tribune
如果这份报告送到我的办公桌上，我肯定会采取行动。
——特朗普当时正在评论一份美国情报评估报告，该报告称俄罗斯正在向阿富汗武装分子支付赏金，以杀害那里的美国人。引自 Hope Yen 和 Calvin Woodward（2020 年 7 月 28 日），“美联社事实核查：特朗普大肆宣传药品成本和羟氯喹”，《明星论坛报》

The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives
—As quoted by Hope Yen, Calvin Woodward (24 August 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump's baseless claim of 'deep state' at FDA", Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
FDA 里的“深层政府”或其他人，正在让制药公司很难找到人来测试疫苗和疗法。显然，他们希望把答案拖到 11 月 3 日之后。必须专注于速度，拯救生命。
——引自 Hope Yen 和 Calvin Woodward（2020 年 8 月 24 日），《美联社事实核查：特朗普毫无根据地声称 FDA 有‘深层政府’》，《匹兹堡邮报》

The top people in the Pentagon... want to do nothing but fight wars so all of those wonderful companies that make the bombs and make the planes and make everything else stay happy
—In front of the White House at a US Labor Day news conference on September 7, 2020
五角大楼的高层们……只想打仗，这样那些制造炸弹、飞机和其他一切产品的优秀公司就能安心了。
——2020年9月7日，在白宫前举行的美国劳动节新闻发布会上

Fauci is a disaster. People are tired of coronavirus. People are tired of hearing Fauci and all these idiots.
—Quoted by Joan E Greve (17 October 2020), "Trump says Americans 'tired of hearing Fauci and all these idiots' discuss Covid", The Guardian
福奇是一场灾难。人们厌倦了新冠病毒。人们厌倦了听福奇和所有这些白痴说话。
——琼·E·格雷夫（2020年10月17日）引用《卫报》：“特朗普称美国人‘厌倦了听福奇和所有这些白痴’讨论新冠病毒”。

These monsters, all controlled and coordinated by the DOJ and Radical Left Lunatics, are Criminalizing Political Speech, a total SHUTDOWN OF DEMOCRACY!
—Truth Social Post 6:28 PM on August 15, 2023.
这些怪物全都由美国司法部和激进左翼疯子操控和协调，他们正在将政治言论定为犯罪，彻底摧毁民主！
——Truth Social 2023年8月15日 下午6:28

Crazy Kamabla is, indeed, CRAZY. I HEAR THERE IS A BIG MOVEMENT TO “BRING BACK CROOKED JOE".
—6 August 2024 Cited in "Trump shares outrageous Biden prediction in baffling Truth Social rant", Indy100
疯狂的卡玛布拉确实疯了。我听说有一场“让骗子乔回来”的盛大运动。
——2024年8月6日，引自“特朗普在令人费解的《真相社交》中分享了对拜登的惊人预测”，Indy100

It’s crazy. Our country is being poisoned, and your schools and your children are suffering greatly because they’re going into the classrooms, they’re taking the seats and they don’t even speak English.
—30 Aug 2024 quoted in Washington Times article by Ali Swenson and Will Weissert
这太疯狂了。我们的国家正在被毒害，你们的学校和你们的孩子正在遭受巨大的痛苦，因为他们走进教室，占据座位，甚至不会说英语。
——2024年8月30日，阿里·斯文森和威尔·韦塞特在《华盛顿时报》的文章中引用

Ashli Babbitt was killed, nobody was killed.
—Claimed about the January 6, 2020 United States Capitol attack. Quoted in "Univision Audience Reaction to Donald Trump Answer in Town Hall Goes Viral", Newsweek (October 17, 2024)
阿什利·巴比特被杀，无人遇难。
——声称涉及2020年1月6日美国国会大厦袭击事件。引自《新闻周刊》（2024年10月17日），“环球电视网观众对唐纳德·特朗普市政厅演讲回应的反应迅速传播”。

9. Campaign and Policy Plans
9. 竞选与政策主张

A great leader has to be flexible, holding his ground on the major principles but finding room for compromises that can bring people together. A great leader has to be savvy at negotiations so we don't drown every bill in pork barrel bridges to nowhere. I know how to stand my ground — but I also know that Republicans and Democrats need to find common ground to stand on as well.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 96
一位伟大的领导者必须灵活变通，在坚持主要原则的同时，也必须找到能够团结民众的妥协空间。一位伟大的领导者必须精于谈判，这样我们才不会让每一项法案都陷入毫无意义的政治分肥。我知道如何坚持自己的立场——但我也知道共和党和民主党也需要找到共同点。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第96页

We can't be afraid to use our military, but sending our sons and daughters should be the very last resort. I've seen what wars do to our kids. I've seen their broken bodies, know all about the horrors that live in their heads, and the enormous effects of trauma. We cannot commit American troops to battle without a real and tangible objective.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 35
我们不能害怕动用军队，但派遣我们的儿女参战应该是最后的手段。我亲眼目睹战争对我们孩子们造成的伤害。我目睹他们残破的身躯，深知他们脑海中浮现的恐惧，以及创伤带来的巨大影响。如果没有切实可行的目标，我们就不能派遣美国军队参战。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第35页

The national debt has doubled. And you know the bad part about that? You think if the national debt has doubled, our infrastructure would be great, our country would be in great shape. We'd have beautiful roads, beautiful highways. You see where like 50 percent of the bridges are in danger in this country. And the roadways are a mess.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
国债翻了一番。你知道这其中的坏处吗？你以为如果国债翻倍，我们的基础设施就会很棒，我们的国家就会状况良好。我们会有漂亮的道路，漂亮的高速公路。你看，这个国家大约有50%的桥梁处于危险之中。道路状况一团糟。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Hillary wants to raise taxes. It's a comparison. I want to lower them.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
希拉里想增税。这是一个比较。我想减税。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

If Biden would win, he's going to double, triple, everybody's taxes.
—Quoted by Daniel Dale, Holmes Lybrand and Tara Subramaniam (4 August 2020), "Fact Check: At briefings, Trump is settling into a routine of false claims and exaggeration", CNN
如果拜登获胜，他将把所有人的税收增加一倍甚至两倍。
——丹尼尔·戴尔、霍姆斯·莱布兰德和塔拉·苏布拉马尼亚姆（2020年8月4日）报道，“事实核查：特朗普在新闻发布会上惯于散布虚假信息和夸大其词”，CNN

Kamala will implement SOVIET Style Price Controls. EVERY American will be taxed up to 80% of their income!
If Kamala is elected and implements her Communist Price Caps, there will be famine, starvation, and poverty, the likes of which we have never seen. America will NEVER recover!
Kamala Harris wants to raise your taxes and make you pay for free healthcare and free housing in luxury hotels for her millions of illegal aliens.
—16 August 2024 quoted in "Donald Trump rants that 'famine' will come to America if Kamala Harris is elected", RawStory
卡玛拉将实施苏联式的价格管制。每个美国人都将被征收高达80%的收入税！
如果卡玛拉当选并实施她的共产主义价格上限，饥荒、饥饿和贫困将会出现，这是我们从未见过的。美国将永远无法恢复！
卡玛拉·哈里斯想提高你们的税收，让你们为她数百万非法移民支付免费医疗和豪华酒店免费住宿的费用。
——2024年8月16日，转载自“唐纳德·特朗普咆哮：如果卡玛拉·哈里斯当选，‘饥荒’将降临美国”，RawStory

We are losing a lot of people to the Internet. We have to do something. We have to go see Bill Gates and a lot of different people that really understand what's happening. We have to talk to them [about], maybe in certain areas, closing that Internet up in some way. Some people will say, ‘Freedom of speech, Freedom of speech'. These are foolish people.
—Google's Eric Schmidt calls for 'spell-checkers for hate and harassment', 8 December 2015, by Alex Hern.
互联网正在让我们失去很多人。我们必须采取行动。我们必须去找比尔·盖茨，以及许多真正了解情况的人。我们必须和他们谈谈，或许在某些领域，以某种方式关闭互联网。有些人会说，“言论自由，言论自由”。这些人真是愚蠢。
——谷歌首席执行官埃里克·施密特呼吁“仇恨和骚扰拼写检查”，2015年12月8日，亚历克斯·赫恩

America must do more — much more — to protect its citizens, especially people who are potential victims of crimes based on their backgrounds or sexual orientation, as you just saw in Orlando.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
美国必须采取更多——远远更多——的措施来保护其公民，尤其是那些可能因其背景或性取向而成为犯罪受害者的人，就像你们刚才在奥兰多看到的那样。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

We have to respect and cherish our police.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我们必须尊重并珍惜我们的警察。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

She’s a CHEATER. She had NOBODY waiting, and the ‘crowd’ looked like 10,000 people! Same thing is happening with her fake ‘crowds’ at her speeches. This is the way the Democrats win Elections, by CHEATING ‒ And they’re even worse at the Ballot Box. She should be disqualified because the creation of a fake image is ELECTION INTERFERENCE. Anyone who does that will cheat at ANYTHING!
EVERYTHING ABOUT KAMALA IS FAKE!
—12 August 2024, cited in "Trump blames Harris' crowds on AI, so let's all assume everything we don't like is fake!", USA Today
她是个骗子。根本没人等她，而“人群”却像上万人一样！她演讲时那些虚假的“人群”也一样。这就是民主党赢得选举的秘诀——作弊——他们在投票箱里甚至更糟。她应该被取消资格，因为制作虚假图像就是干预选举。任何这样做的人，无论做什么都是作弊！
卡马拉的一切都是假的！
——2024年8月12日，引自《今日美国》“特朗普将哈里斯的支持者归咎于人工智能，所以让我们假设我们不喜欢的一切都只是假的！”

Hillary Clinton wants to empty out the Treasury to bring people into the country that include individuals who preach hate against our citizens. I want to protect our citizens, all of our citizens.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
希拉里·克林顿想掏空国库，把那些人带进美国，其中包括那些宣扬仇恨我们公民的人。我想保护我们的公民，我们所有的公民。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

I want to thank the White House Historical Association and all of the people that work so hard with Melania, with everybody, to keep this incredible house or building, or whatever you want to call it — because there really is no name for it; it is special — and we keep it in tip-top shape. We call it sometimes tippy-top shape. And it's a great, great place.
—Referring to the White House, during a speech given for Easter (April 2, 2018)
我要感谢白宫历史协会，以及所有与梅拉尼娅以及其他所有人一起辛勤工作的人们，他们守护着这座不可思议的房屋或建筑——或者随便你怎么称呼它——因为它真的没有名字；它很特别——我们一直把它保持在最佳状态。有时我们称之为“极佳状态”。它是一个非常非常棒的地方。
——在复活节演讲中提到白宫（2018年4月2日）

They all hated me in my first term, and now they’re kissing my ass.
—Trump bragging about how tech moguls have warmed up to him, reported in Trump offers advice to University of Alabama graduates in speech interspersed with politics 'AP News' (May 1, 2025)
他们在我的第一个任期内都恨我，现在却开始拍我的马屁。
——特朗普吹嘘科技大亨们如何对他热情起来，据《美联社新闻》（2025年5月1日）报道，特朗普在演讲中穿插政治内容，为阿拉巴马大学毕业生提供建议。

I see Rick Perry the other day. ... He's doing very poorly in the polls. He put on glasses so people will think he's smart. And it just doesn't work! You know people can see through the glasses!
—"Trump Campaign Statement on Rick Perry", NPR, 21 July 2015
前几天我见到了里克·佩里……他的民调支持率很差。他戴上眼镜，好让人们觉得他很聪明。但这根本行不通！你知道，人们能透过眼镜看透一切！
——“特朗普竞选团队关于里克·佩里的声明”，NPR，2015年7月21日

I know words. I have the best words.
—30 December 2015 speech in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina reported by Gawker and The Daily Caller
我懂词。我拥有最棒的词。
——Gawker 和 The Daily Caller 报道，2015 年 12 月 30 日，我在南卡罗来纳州希尔顿黑德岛发表演讲

I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up on people that cannot defend themselves.
Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it.
—"Full transcript of Donald Trump’s acceptance speech at the RNC", Vox (22 July 2016) · "Donald Trump's entire Republican convention speech", CNN (21 July 2016) · Donald Trump 2016 RNC draft speech transcript, Politico (21 July 2016)
我加入政坛，是为了阻止强者再欺压那些无力自卫的民众。
没有人比我更了解这个体制，所以只有我能修复它。
——“唐纳德·特朗普共和党全国大会获奖感言全文”，Vox（2016年7月22日）·“唐纳德·特朗普共和党全国大会完整演讲稿”，CNN（2016年7月21日）·唐纳德·特朗普2016年共和党全国大会演讲稿草稿，Politico（2016年7月21日）

I like Mexico. And I respect the leaders of Mexico because they're much smarter, they're much street smarter, but they're much smarter and more cunning than our leaders. But you have to see what's going on.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我喜欢墨西哥。我尊重墨西哥的领导人，因为他们比我们的领导人聪明得多，更有街头智慧，也更狡猾得多。但你必须看清现状。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

These events give not only the candidates a chance to be with each other in a very social setting; it also allows the candidates the opportunity to meet the other candidate's team — good team. I know Hillary met my campaign manager, and I got the chance to meet the people who are working so hard to get her elected. There they are — the heads of NBC, CNN, CBS, ABC — there's the New York Times, right over there, and the Washington Post. They're working overtime. True. True. Oh, this one’s going to get me in trouble.
—Al Smith charity dinner speech, 20 October 2016
这些活动不仅让候选人有机会在社交氛围浓厚的场合互相交流，也让候选人有机会结识对方的团队——一个优秀的团队。我知道希拉里见过我的竞选经理，我也有机会见到那些为她当选而努力工作的人们。他们就在那儿——NBC、CNN、CBS、ABC的负责人——还有《纽约时报》，就在那儿，还有《华盛顿邮报》。他们加班加点。没错，没错。哦，这可要给我惹麻烦了。
——艾尔·史密斯慈善晚宴演讲，2016年10月20日

This is the final battle – they know it, I know it, you know it, everybody knows it. Either they win, or we win. And I promise you this: If you put me back in the White House, their reign will be over, and America will be a free nation once again.
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
这是最后一战——他们知道，我知道，你知道，每个人都知道。要么他们赢，要么我们赢。我向你们保证：如果你们让我重返白宫，他们的统治就结束了，美国将再次成为一个自由的国家。
——2023年3月4日，保守派政治行动委员会（CPAC）在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

The truth is, they’re trying to get out of it because she doesn’t want to debate. She’s not a good debater, she’s not a smart person. She doesn’t want to debate.
—26 August 2024 in response to the Harris campaign‘s demand that their September 10th debate occur without muted microphones; in "Trump says Harris ‘trying to get out of’ debate over unmuted microphones demand"
事实是，他们想逃避，因为她不想辩论。她不擅长辩论，也不聪明。她不想辩论。
——2024年8月26日，回应哈里斯竞选团队要求9月10日的辩论取消静音麦克风的要求；摘自“特朗普称哈里斯‘试图逃避’关于取消静音麦克风要求的辩论”

Can you imagine you’re a parent and your son leaves the house and you say, ‘Jimmy, I love you so much. Go have a good day in school’ and your son comes back with a brutal operation. Can you even imagine this? What the hell is wrong with our country?
—"Trump falsely claims children being forced into gender transition ops at school in rambling fantasy-filled rally speech", Yahoo News / Independent (September 9, 2024)
你能想象你为人父母，儿子离家出走，你说：“吉米，我太爱你了。去学校好好享受一天吧。”结果儿子回来后却带着一场残酷的手术。你能想象吗？我们国家到底出了什么问题？
——“特朗普在充满幻想的集会演讲中，谎称孩子们在学校被迫接受性别转换手术”，雅虎新闻/独立报（2024年9月9日）

We're fighting a political correct war. It's a political correct war. I mean, you know what's going on. You know what's going on. These are people that chop off heads. These are people that, in steel cages, drop steel cages into the waters and drowned large numbers of people. These are people that buried people in the sand. We've got to knock them out. I was against the war in Iraq. We shouldn't have been to the war in Iraq. It destabilized the Middle East and I said that was going to happen. But we shouldn't have gotten out the way we got out. The way we got out was insane. And Obama gave a date, and he — and that's how ISIS happened, folks. Hence, the birth of ISIS.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我们正在打一场政治正确的战争。这是一场政治正确的战争。我的意思是，你们知道发生了什么。你们知道发生了什么。这些人砍掉了人头。这些人把铁笼子关在里面，把铁笼子扔进水里，淹死了很多人。这些人把人埋在沙子里。我们必须把他们打倒。我反对伊拉克战争。我们不应该卷入伊拉克战争。它破坏了中东的稳定，我说过这会发生。但我们不应该以我们当时的方式撤离。我们当时的方式太疯狂了。奥巴马给出了一个日期，然后他——ISIS 就是这样产生的，朋友们。ISIS 就是这么诞生的。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016 年 8 月 9 日）

Those cameras are not going on the move unless we have a protester. If we had a protester that's the only time they move because they're showing something that in their mind is a bad thing, so then they move. But I like that, I've always liked my protesters because the cameras show these massive crowds and people say wow, was that a big crowd.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
除非有抗议者，否则摄像机不会移动。如果有抗议者，他们只会移动，因为他们展示的东西在他们看来是坏事，所以他们才会移动。但我喜欢这样，我一直很喜欢我的抗议者，因为摄像机拍到的人群如此庞大，人们会惊叹，哇，那真是一大群人。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

The silent majority is back, and we're going to take the country back.
—Speech at a packed Phoenix Convention Cente, as quoted in "Trump: 'We're Going to Take the Country Back'", Fox News Insider, 12 July 2015
沉默的大多数回来了，我们要夺回这个国家。
——在座无虚席的凤凰城会议中心发表的演讲，摘自《特朗普：‘我们要夺回这个国家’》，福克斯新闻内幕，2015年7月12日

The enthusiasm was based on pure love and love of what we were doing.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) Preface, p. xiv
这种热情源于纯粹的热爱，以及对我们所做之事的热爱。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）序言，第xiv页

The fact is I give people what they need and deserve to hear - exactly what they don't get from politicians - and that is The Truth. Our country is a mess right now and we don't have time to pretend otherwise. We don't have time to waste on being politically correct.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 8
事实上，我告诉了人们他们需要、他们理应听到的东西——正是他们从政客那里得不到的——这就是真相。我们的国家现在一团糟，我们没有时间假装一切安好。我们没有时间浪费在政治正确上。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第8页

Citizenship is not a gift we can afford to keep giving away.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 28
公民权并非一份我们可以承受不断赠予的礼物。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第28页

When Kuwait was attacked by Saddam Hussein, all the wealthy Kuwaitis ran to Paris. They didn't just rent suites—they took up whole buildings, entire hotels. They lived like kings while their country was occupied. Who did they turn to for help? Who else? Uncle Sucker. That's us.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 34
当科威特遭到萨达姆·侯赛因的袭击时，所有科威特的富豪都逃往巴黎。他们不仅租下套房，还包下了整栋楼、整座酒店。在国家被占领期间，他们过着国王般的生活。他们向谁求助？还能是谁？傻瓜大叔。那就是我们。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第34页

To me, for politicians to claim that we have an answer to every problem is silly. When you listen to some politicians reeling off their prepared answers, you almost fall for it. They're all experts. But nothing ever happens.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 73
在我看来，政客们声称我们所有问题都有答案，这简直愚蠢至极。听着一些政客滔滔不绝地重复他们准备好的答案，你几乎要信以为真了。他们都是专家。但什么都没发生。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第73页

It's not just jobs that are being lost to other countries. We are seeing whole industries vanish overseas.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 85
不仅仅是工作岗位流失到其他国家。我们正目睹整个行业在海外消失。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第85页

We look at politicians and think: This one's owned by this millionaire. That one's owned by that millionaire, or lobbyist, or special interest group. Me? I speak for the people. So the establishment attacks me. They can't own me, they can't dictate to me, so they search for ways to dismiss me.
—Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again (3 November 2015) p. 97
我们看着政客，心想：这个被这个百万富翁控制了。那个被那个百万富翁、说客或特殊利益集团控制了。我呢？我代表人民发言。所以建制派攻击我。他们无法控制我，无法对我指手画脚，所以他们想方设法把我赶下台。
——《残缺的美国：如何让美国再次伟大》（2015年11月3日）第97页

We're not acting clearly, we're not talking clearly, we've got problems.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我们行动不清晰，我们说话不清晰，我们遇到了问题。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

We have a dysfunctional immigration system, which does not permit us to know who we let into our country, and it does not permit us to protect our citizens properly. We have an incompetent administration.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
我们的移民系统功能失调，无法让我们了解哪些人入境，也无法让我们妥善保护我们的公民。我们的政府无能。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

They have put political correctness above common sense, above your safety, and above all else. I refuse to be politically correct.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
他们把政治正确置于常识之上，置于你们的安全之上，置于一切之上。我拒绝政治正确。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

The days of deadly ignorance will end, and they will end soon.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
致命的无知时代终将终结，而且很快就会终结。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

Immigration is a privilege, and we should not let anyone into this country who doesn't support our communities. All of our communities, every single one of them.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
移民是一种特权，我们不应该让任何不支持我们社区的人进入这个国家。我们所有的社区，每一个社区。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后的讲话（文字记录）

The last major NATO mission was Hillary Clinton's war in Libya. That mission helped to unleash ISIS on a new continent.
—Speech after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting (transcript)
北约上一次重大行动是希拉里·克林顿在利比亚的战争。那次行动帮助ISIS在新大陆上肆虐。
——2016年奥兰多夜总会枪击案后讲话（文字记录）

The fundamental problem with the immigration system in our country is that it serves the needs of wealthy donors, political activists and powerful politicians. Let me tell you who it doesn’t serve: it doesn’t serve you, the American people.
—Immigration speech, Arizona (31 August 2016)
我们国家移民制度的根本问题在于，它服务于富有的捐赠者、政治活动家和权势显赫的政客的需求。让我来告诉你，它不服务谁：它不服务你们，美国人民。
——亚利桑那州移民演讲（2016年8月31日）

To all the politicians, donors and special interests, hear these words from me today: there is only one core issue in the immigration debate and it is this: the well-being of the American people. Nothing even comes a close second.
—Immigration speech, Arizona (31 August 2016)
各位政客、捐赠者和特殊利益集团，今天请听我说：移民辩论的核心议题只有一个：美国人民的福祉。没有什么比这更重要。
——亚利桑那州移民演讲（2016年8月31日）

What's going on in this country is insane. And we have people running our country that don't know what they're doing, they're grossly incompetent, and it's time. We have to make change, real change. Not Obama change, we have to make change.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
这个国家正在发生的事情简直疯狂。我们国家治理者们浑然不知自己在做什么，极其无能，是时候了。我们必须做出改变，真正的改变。不是奥巴马式的改变，我们必须做出改变。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Remember Obamacare, "you're going to keep your doctor, you're going to keep your plan, over and over again, you're going to keep your doctor." It was a lie. And in fact, if he didn't make the lie, he would have never gotten it approved because most Democrats, many of the Democrats didn't want to do it. It was only that, that got them to sign it and to approve it. And it was a lie.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
记住奥巴马医改，“你要保留你的医生，你要保留你的计划，一遍又一遍，你要保留你的医生。” 这根本就是个谎言。事实上，如果他不撒谎，它就永远不会获得批准，因为大多数民主党人，很多民主党人都不想这么做。正是因为这个，他们才签署并批准了它。这根本就是个谎言。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

33,000 e-mails are missing. And she's so guilty. She's so guilty.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
33000封电子邮件丢失了。她真的太内疚了。她真的太内疚了。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Could you imagine if I said that "I short circuited"? They would be calling for my execution, — electric chair. They'd bring back the electric chair. It would be a whole different ball game if I said it, believe me.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
你能想象如果我说“我短路了”会怎么样吗？他们会要求处决我——电椅。他们会恢复电椅制度。如果我这么说，那情况就完全不同了，相信我。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

I see the carnage that NAFTA has caused, I see the carnage. It's been horrible. ... It's a suicidal pact for our country. And you know I've watched for years.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
我亲眼目睹了北美自由贸易协定造成的惨痛后果，我亲眼目睹了这一切。这太可怕了……这对我们国家来说无异于自杀。你知道，我已经注视了好几年了。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Today, homeownership is at its lowest rate in 51 years. ... Lowest that its been in so many years, 51 years. Nearly 12 million people and more Americans are dependent on food stamps and 2 million more Latino Americans live in poverty under Obama and Clinton — under Obama; because Clinton's just gonna carry on.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
如今，房屋自有率已降至51年来的最低水平……这是多年来，51年来的最低水平。在奥巴马和克林顿执政期间，近1200万甚至更多的美国人依赖食品券，还有200多万拉美裔美国人生活在贫困之中——在奥巴马执政期间；因为克林顿还会继续执政。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is. I don't know. But — but I'll tell you what. That will be a horrible day. If — if Hillary gets to put her judges — right now, we're tied. You see what's going on.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
如果她能自己挑选法官，各位，你们就无能为力了。不过，第二修正案的支持者们，或许可以。我不知道。但是——但我告诉你，那将是糟糕的一天。如果——如果希拉里现在能自己挑选法官——那我们势均力敌了。你们明白发生了什么。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

Hillary essentially wants to abolish the Second Amendment.
—Speech at rally in Wilmington, North Carolina. Transcript (August 9, 2016)
希拉里本质上是想废除第二修正案。
——北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会演讲。文字记录（2016年8月9日）

I will fight for their security, I will fight for their jobs, I will fight for their families. One American Nation.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
我将为他们的安全而战，为他们的工作而战，为他们的家庭而战。一个美国国家。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司和《印度教徒报》（2016年8月24日）引用

This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction, terrorism and weakness. But Hillary Clinton's legacy doesn't have to be America's legacy.
—Speech in Jackson, Mississippi. As quoted by CBS and The Hindu  (August 24, 2016)
这就是希拉里·克林顿的遗产：死亡、破坏、恐怖主义和软弱。但希拉里·克林顿的遗产不一定是美国的遗产。
——在密西西比州杰克逊的演讲。哥伦比亚广播公司和《印度教徒报》（2016年8月24日）引用

We can't have someone in the Oval Office who doesn't understand the meaning of the word "confidential" or "classified".
—Trump campaign speech in Greenville, North Carolina (6 September 2016)
我们不能让一个不懂“机密”或“机密”含义的人入主椭圆形办公室。
——特朗普在北卡罗来纳州格林维尔的竞选演讲（2016年9月6日）

While my opponent slanders you as deplorable... I call you hard-working, American patriots.
—Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Ashville, North Carolina, C-SPAN.org (12 September 2016).
当我的对手诽谤你们可悲时……我称你们为勤劳的美国爱国者。
——唐纳德·特朗普在北卡罗来纳州阿什维尔的竞选集会，C-SPAN.org（2016年9月12日）。

Hillary is so corrupt, she got kicked off the Watergate commission.
—Al Smith charity dinner speech, 20 October 2016
希拉里腐败透顶，她被水门事件委员会开除了。
——艾尔·史密斯慈善晚宴演讲，2016年10月20日

No dream is too big, no challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach. America will no longer settle for anything less than the best.
—Victory Speech (9 November 2016)
没有梦想无法实现，没有挑战无法克服。我们对未来的期盼，无所不能。美国将不再满足于任何次等的事物。
——胜利演讲（2016年11月9日）

Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic. Because they're people that can't get the job done. But the future belongs to the dreamers, not to the critics. The future belongs to the people who follow their heart no matter what the critics say.
—Liberty University commencement speech (13 May 2017)
没有什么比做批评家更容易，也最可悲了。因为他们根本无法完成工作。但未来属于梦想家，而不是批评家。未来属于那些无论批评家怎么说都坚持自己内心的人。
——自由大学毕业典礼演讲（2017年5月13日）

In our schools, our newsrooms, even our corporate boardrooms, there is a new far left fascism that demands absolute allegiance.
—As quoted by Valerie Strauss (3 July 2020), "The 28 most outrageous lines from Donald Trump's Mount Rushmore speech", CNN
在我们的学校、新闻编辑室，甚至公司董事会会议室里，都弥漫着一种新的极左法西斯主义，要求绝对的效忠。
——瓦莱丽·施特劳斯（2020年7月3日）在CNN的“唐纳德·特朗普拉什莫尔山演讲中最令人愤慨的28句话”中引用道

Don't buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!)
—Quoted by Betsy Klein (19 August 2020), "Trump 'cancels' Goodyear tires as he campaigns against 'cancel culture'", CNN
别买固特异轮胎——他们宣布禁止戴“让美国再次伟大”帽子。用更少的钱买更好的轮胎！（这就是激进左翼民主党人干的事。两个人可以玩同样的游戏，我们现在必须开始玩！）
——Betsy Klein（2020年8月19日）引述，CNN：“特朗普‘取消’固特异轮胎，以反对‘取消文化’”

The only way they're gonna win is by a rigged election. I really believe that. I saw the crowd outside.
—Said about Democrats, as quoted by Daniel Dale (20 August 2020), "Fact check: Trump delivers blizzard of false claims in Pennsylvania speech attacking Biden", CNN
他们获胜的唯一途径就是操纵选举。我真心相信这一点。我看到外面人群熙熙攘攘。
——关于民主党人的说法，引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年8月20日），“事实核查：特朗普在宾夕法尼亚州的演讲中散布大量虚假指控，攻击拜登”，CNN

They may allow me back in two years. We got to stop that. We can’t let it happen. So unfair. They are shutting down an entire group of people. Not just me. They are shutting down the voice of a much more powerful and a much larger group.
—about Facebook banning him, in rally speech
他们可能两年后会允许我回来。我们必须阻止这种事。我们不能让这种事情发生。太不公平了。他们正在封锁一群人。不仅仅是我。他们正在封锁一个更强大、更庞大群体的声音。
——在集会演讲中谈到Facebook封禁他

J.D. is kissing my ass he wants my support so bad.
—Said about James David Vance, Republican Senate candidate for Ohio, quoted in "Donald Trump humiliated J.D. Vance for fun", CNN, 20 September 2022
J.D. 正在拍我的马屁，他太想得到我的支持了。
——关于俄亥俄州共和党参议员候选人詹姆斯·戴维·万斯的评价，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普为了好玩而羞辱 J.D. 万斯》，CNN，2022 年 9 月 20 日

We’re not going back to people that want to destroy our great Social Security system – even some in our own party; I wonder who that might be – who want to raise the minimum age of Social Security to 70, 75 or even 80 in some cases, and who are out to cut Medicare to a level that will be unrecognizable
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
我们不会回到那些想要摧毁我们伟大的社会保障体系的人身边——即使我们党内也有人这么做；我想知道这些人会是谁——他们想把社会保障的最低年龄提高到70岁、75岁，在某些情况下甚至80岁，他们想把医疗保险削减到令人无法辨认的水平。
——2023年3月4日，保守党政治行动委员会（CPAC）在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

I will totally obliterate the deep state. I will fire the unelected bureaucrats and shadow forces who have weaponized our justice system like it has never been weaponized before. And I will put the people back in charge of this country again.
—CPAC keynote address in National Harbor, Maryland, on March 4, 2023, reported in Five Key Moments from Donald Trump's Crucial CPAC Speech. Newsweek (March 5, 2023).
我将彻底摧毁“深层政府”。我将解雇那些将我们的司法系统前所未有地武器化的未经选举的官僚和影子势力。我将让人民重新掌控这个国家。
——2023年3月4日，保守派政治行动委员会（CPAC）在马里兰州国家港口发表主旨演讲，摘自《唐纳德·特朗普CPAC重要演讲的五个关键时刻》。《新闻周刊》（2023年3月5日）。

[T]he only way to stop these wicked actions is to ensure that any sicko who would shoot up a school knows that within seconds, not minutes, they will face certain death.
—Speech at the NRA convention, Indianapolis (April 14, 2023), cited in "Trump, in legal peril, draws cheers at NRA convention; Pence draws boos" The Washington Post (April 14, 2023)
阻止这些邪恶行为的唯一方法，就是让任何想在学校开枪的变态知道，几秒钟之内，而不是几分钟之内，他们就会面临死亡。
——在印第安纳波利斯举行的美国步枪协会（NRA）大会上的演讲（2023年4月14日），引自《华盛顿邮报》（2023年4月14日）“特朗普身陷法律危机，在NRA大会上赢得欢呼；彭斯引来嘘声”

OUR HIGHLY PARTISAN, AND VERY CORRUPT, DEPARTMENT OF INJUSTICE, COULD HAVE BROUGHT THIS BIDIN “OPPONENT” CASE YEARS AGO, BUT CHOSE TO WAIT AND BRING IT RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF MY ELECTION CAMPAIGN. NO WAY!!! I HOPE YOU ARE WATCHING AMERICA. OUR COUNTRY IS BEING DESTROYED.
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110842856814664717
我们这个高度党派化、极其腐败的不公正部门，几年前本可以提起这起针对拜登“对手”的诉讼，但却选择等待，并在我的竞选活动进行到一半时才提起。绝对不行！！！我希望你们关注美国。我们的国家正在被摧毁。
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110842856814664717

Let’s see! My political Opponent, Crooked Joe Biden, tells Merrick Garland and the DOJ to indict and arrest me on bogus charges and accusations, trying desperately to steal the Election. But that wasn’t enough! He now wants Thug Prosecutor, Deranged Jack Smith, to file for a Court Order taking away my first amendment rights, SPEECH. So, based on yet another Radical Left Hoax, I’ll be the only “Politician” in American history not allowed to SPEAK. THE NEVER ENDING WITCH HUNT CONTINUES.
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110852063479466833
让我看看！我的政治对手，骗子乔·拜登，竟然让梅里克·加兰和司法部以莫须有的罪名和指控起诉并逮捕我，妄图窃取选举胜利。但这还不够！他现在还想让暴徒检察官、精神错乱的杰克·史密斯申请法院命令，剥夺我的宪法第一修正案权利——言论自由。所以，基于又一个激进左翼的骗局，我将成为美国历史上唯一一个被禁止发言的“政客”。这场永无止境的政治迫害仍在继续。
——https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110852063479466833

We pledge to you that we will root out the Communists, Marxists, Fascists, and Radical Left Thugs that live like vermin within the confines of our Country, lie, steal, and cheat on Elections, and will do anything possible, whether legally or illegally, to destroy America, and the American Dream. The threat from outside forces is far less sinister, dangerous, and grave, than the threat from within. Despite the hatred and anger of the Radical Left Lunatics who want to destroy our Country, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
—"The “Is Donald Trump a Fascist?” Debate Has Been Ended—by Donald Trump", The Nation (November 14, 2023)
我们向你们保证，我们将铲除那些在我们国家境内肆虐、撒谎、盗窃、欺骗选举、不择手段摧毁美国和美国梦的共产主义者、马克思主义者、法西斯主义者和激进左翼暴徒。他们不择手段，无论合法还是非法，不择手段。外部威胁远不如内部威胁险恶、危险和严重。尽管那些想要摧毁我们国家的激进左翼疯子充满仇恨和愤怒，但我们会让美国再次伟大！
——“唐纳德·特朗普是法西斯主义者吗？”之争已结束——唐纳德·特朗普”，《国家》（2023年11月14日）

Has anyone ever seen The Silence of the Lambs? The late, great Hannibal Lecter. He's a wonderful man. He oftentimes would have a friend for dinner.
—11 May 2024 from a speech in Wildwood, N.J. per Washington Post, as cited 16 May 2024 in "When Donald Trump Met Hannibal Lecter", The New York Times
有人看过《沉默的羔羊》吗？已故的伟大导演汉尼拔·莱克特。他是个很棒的人。他经常会邀请朋友一起吃饭。
——2024年5月11日，《华盛顿邮报》在新泽西州怀尔德伍德的演讲，引自2024年5月16日《纽约时报》“当唐纳德·特朗普遇见汉尼拔·莱克特”

before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we win the presidency
—22 June 2024 rally in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, quoted in a 2 July 2024 Politico article by Michael Hirsh. Trump had previously used the phrase "before I even arrive at the Oval Office" in #March 2023, and also used it in a May 2024 speech to the NRA the previous month
在我入主白宫之前，也就是我们赢得总统大选后不久
——2024年6月22日在宾夕法尼亚州费城举行的集会，引用自迈克尔·赫什在2024年7月2日发表于《政治报》的一篇文章。特朗普此前曾在#2023年3月#中使用过“在我入主白宫之前”这个短语，并在上个月于2024年5月对美国步枪协会的演讲中也使用过。

By luck or by God, many people are saying it’s by God I’m still here.
The agents hit me so hard that my shoes fell off, and my shoes are tight.
I had all prepared an extremely tough speech, really good, all about the corrupt, horrible administration. But I threw it away. I want to try to unite our country.
—14 July 2024 cited by NY Post writer Michael Goodwin and Politico writer Isabella Ramirez
很多人说，是运气好还是老天爷，我居然还能活着。
特工们狠狠地打了我，我的鞋子都掉了，而且我的鞋子很紧。
我本来准备了一篇极其强硬的演讲稿，写的非常好，全是针对腐败、糟糕的政府。但我把它扔掉了。我想努力团结我们的国家。
——2024年7月14日，《纽约邮报》撰稿人迈克尔·古德温和《政治报》撰稿人伊莎贝拉·拉米雷斯

Perverts and losers
—30 July 2024 describing members of the Lincoln Project, an organisation of moderate conservatives who oppose Trump and trumpism. Quoted in "Donald Trump Rages at Republicans Campaigning Against Him", Newsweek
变态和失败者
——2024年7月30日，描述“林肯计划”成员，这是一个由反对特朗普和特朗普主义的温和保守派组成的组织。引自《新闻周刊》“唐纳德·特朗普怒斥共和党人反对他”

Prices will come down. You just watch: They’ll come down, and they’ll come down fast, not only with insurance, with everything…. Prices will come down and come down dramatically and come down fast.
—20 August 2024 from a recent speech in Asheville, North Carolina, quoted in Trump promises to make prices plunge again. That’s a dangerous proposal CNN
物价会下降。你看着办吧：物价会下降，而且会迅速下降，不仅是保险，所有东西都是如此……物价会下降，而且会急剧下降，而且会迅速下降。
——2024年8月20日，特朗普最近在北卡罗来纳州阿什维尔发表演讲，引自《特朗普承诺再次让物价暴跌。这是一个危险的提议》CNN

I shouldn’t have left. I mean, honestly, because we did so, we did so well.
—Trump says he ‘shouldn’t have left’ the White House as he closes campaign with increasingly dark message CNN (November 3, 2024)
我不应该离开。说实话，正因为我们这么做了，我们才做得这么好。
——特朗普在竞选结束时表示，他“不应该离开”白宫，并发表了越来越阴暗的言论 CNN（2024年11月3日）

THE OPERATION IS OVER! THE PATIENT LIVED, AND IS HEALING. THE PROGNOSIS IS THAT THE PATIENT WILL BE FAR STRONGER, BIGGER, BETTER, AND MORE RESILIENT THAN EVER BEFORE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
—Posted on Truth Social following the implementation of sweeping tariffs as reported in ‘The operation is over, the patient lived’: Donald Trump after shaking global economies with US tariffs The Times of India (April 3, 2025)
手术结束了！病人活了下来，而且正在康复。预后是，病人将比以往任何时候都更加强壮、更大、更好、更有韧性。让美国再次伟大！
——发布于Truth Social，此前美国实施了大规模关税，正如《印度时报》（2025年4月3日）报道的那样：“手术结束了，病人活了下来”：唐纳德·特朗普在美国关税动摇全球经济后

10. Uncategorized
10. 未分类

Jon Ward: There's a lot of talk, which you no doubt heard too, about a sort of real estate bubble. What's your take on that pessimism?
Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I sort of hope that happens because then people like me would go in and buy.
—How to Build a Fortune (2006), Trump University audiobook, quoted in Jeremy Diamond (19 May 2016), "Donald Trump in 2006: I 'sort of hope' real estate market tanks", CNN
乔恩·沃德：关于房地产泡沫的讨论很多，你肯定也听说过。你对这种悲观情绪有何看法？
唐纳德·特朗普：嗯，首先，我有点希望这种情况发生，因为那样的话，像我这样的人就会进去买房了。
——《如何积累财富》（2006），特朗普大学有声读物，引用自杰里米·戴蒙德（2016年5月19日），“唐纳德·特朗普在2006年：我‘有点希望’房地产市场暴跌”，CNN

It's an unbelievably complex subject. Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated.
—Speaking at the National Governors Association meeting at the White House (27 February 2017)
这是一个极其复杂的话题。没人知道医疗保健竟然如此复杂。
——在白宫举行的全国州长协会会议上的讲话（2017年2月27日）

It’s a great day for him. It’s a great day for everybody. This is a great, great day in terms of quality.
—Trump claimed that the US economy was "back on track", and connected this with George Floyd, who had been murdered by the police some days earlier, as quoted by by Emma Rosemurgey (5 June 2020), "Trump Criticised For Saying George Floyd Is Looking Down And Calling It ‘A Great Day’", UNILAD
对他来说，这是伟大的一天。对每个人来说，这都是伟大的一天。就质量而言，这真是伟大的一天。
——特朗普声称美国经济“重回正轨”，并将此与几天前被警察杀害的乔治·弗洛伊德联系起来，引自艾玛·罗斯默吉（2020年6月5日）的文章《特朗普因称乔治·弗洛伊德低头并称其为‘伟大的一天’而受到批评》，UNILAD

Take a look at West Virginia, mailmen selling the ballots. They're being sold.
Number two, they cheat. They cheat. Hey, they found ballots in a wastepaper basket three days ago, and they all had the name military ballots -- there were military -- they all had the name Trump on 'em.
I read today where at least 1% of the ballots for 2016 were invalidated. They take 'em. 'We don't like 'em. We don't like 'em.' They throw them out, left and right
—Quoted in Daniel Dale, Marshall Cohen (30 September 2020), "Fact check: Almost every single one of Trump's debate claims about mail-in voting was wrong", CNN
看看西弗吉尼亚州，邮递员在兜售选票。选票真的被卖了。
第二，他们作弊。他们作弊。嘿，三天前他们在废纸篓里发现了选票，上面全是军人选票——都是军人——上面全是特朗普的名字。
我今天看到报道，2016 年至少有 1% 的选票作废了。他们把选票拿走。“我们不喜欢它们。我们不喜欢它们。”他们把选票随意扔掉。
——引自丹尼尔·戴尔和马歇尔·科恩（2020 年 9 月 30 日），“事实核查：特朗普在辩论中关于邮寄投票的几乎每一个说法都是错误的”，CNN

REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
—6 October 2020 tweet about Section 230 of the United States Communications Decency Act, which allows online platforms to moderate and remove harmful content without being penalized. Quoted by Jessica Bursztynsky (6 October 2020), "Facebook, Twitter block Trump post that falsely claims coronavirus is less deadly than flu", CNBC
废除第230条！！！
——2020年10月6日，一条关于美国《通信规范法》第230条的推文，该条允许网络平台审核并删除有害内容，而不会受到处罚。引用杰西卡·伯斯蒂斯基（2020年10月6日）的话：“Facebook和Twitter屏蔽了特朗普错误地声称冠状病毒致命性低于流感的帖子”，CNBC

RINOs who supported infrastructure bill should be ashamed of themselves
—on Sky News Australia Youtube channel video (November 7, 2021)
支持基础设施法案的共和党人应该感到羞耻
——天空新闻澳大利亚YouTube频道视频（2021年11月7日）

This is Biden’s Stock Market, not Trump’s… I didn’t take over until January 20th. Tariffs will soon start kicking in, and companies are starting to move into the USA in record numbers…. Our Country will boom, but we have to get rid of the Biden 'Overhang. This will take a while, has NOTHING TO DO WITH TARIFFS, only that he left us with bad numbers, but when the boom begins, it will be like no other. BE PATIENT!!!
—From Truth Social reported in Trump puts market struggles on Biden as economy shrinks under his watch NBC News (April 30, 2025)
这是拜登的股市，不是特朗普的……我直到1月20日才接任。关税很快就会生效，企业将以创纪录的数量迁入美国……我们的国家将会繁荣，但我们必须摆脱拜登留下的“悬而未决”的阴影。这需要一段时间，与关税无关，只是他给我们留下了糟糕的数据。但一旦繁荣开始，它将是前所未有的。耐心等待！！！
——摘自Truth Social在NBC新闻（2025年4月30日）报道的《特朗普将市场困境归咎于拜登，因为他任内经济萎缩》

You probably saw some numbers today, and I have to start off by saying that’s Biden — that’s not Trump — because we came in on January. We came in and I was very against everything that Biden was doing in terms of the economy. … We took over his mess in so many different ways.
I’m not taking credit or discredit for the stock market. I’m just saying we inherited a mess…. We came in on Jan. 20, so this is Biden. And you can even say the next quarter is, sort of, Biden, because it doesn’t just happen on a daily or an hourly basis, but we’re turning it around. It’s a big ship to turn around.
—In remarks during a meeting with his Cabinet, reported in Trump puts market struggles on Biden as economy shrinks under his watch NBC News (April 30, 2025)
你可能今天看到了一些数据，我首先要说，那是拜登的，不是特朗普的，因为我们是在一月份上任的。我们上任时，我非常反对拜登在经济方面所做的一切。……我们以各种不同的方式接手了他的烂摊子。
我不会为股市邀功或贬损。我只是说，我们继承了一个烂摊子……我们是1月20日上任的，所以这是拜登的。你甚至可以说，下一季度，某种程度上是拜登的，因为这不是每天或每小时都在发生的，而是我们正在扭转局面。这是一艘需要掉头的大船。
——据NBC新闻报道，特朗普在内阁会议上发表讲话，称在他任内经济萎缩之际，市场困境将落在拜登身上（2025年4月30日）

3. Society and Cultural Commentary
3.社会与文化评论

Mayor Koch has stated that hate and rancor should be removed from our hearts. I do not think so.
—"Bring Back the Death Penalty. Bring Back Our Police!" An advert taken out by Trump in the New York Daily News and other newspapers in the wake of the arrests of the Central Park Five (whose convictions were eventually vacated once the real perpetrator was identified in 2002) (May 1, 1989)
科赫市长曾表示，仇恨和怨恨应该从我们心中清除。我不这么认为。
——“恢复死刑，恢复我们的警察！”这是特朗普在中央公园五人案被捕后在《纽约每日新闻》和其他报纸上刊登的广告（2002年，真正的凶手被确定后，他们的定罪最终被撤销）（1989年5月1日）

We have places in London and other places that are so radicalised that the police are afraid for their own lives. We have to be very smart and very vigilant.
—As quoted in "Donald Trump claims parts of London are 'so radicalised' police officers are 'afraid for their lives'" by Rose Troup Buchanan, The Independent (8 December 2015); also in "'Trump's not wrong – we can't wear uniform in our OWN cars': Five police officers claim Donald Trump is RIGHT about parts of London being so 'radicalised' they are no-go areas" by Martin Robinson, Daily Mail Online (9 December 2015)
在伦敦等地，有些地方极端主义盛行，警察甚至担心自身安全。我们必须非常机智，保持高度警惕。
——罗斯·特鲁普·布坎南在《独立报》（2015年12月8日）撰文：“唐纳德·特朗普声称伦敦部分地区‘极端主义盛行’，警察‘担心自身安全’”；马丁·罗宾逊在《每日邮报》在线版（2015年12月9日）撰文：“‘特朗普说得没错——我们不能在自己的车里穿制服’：五名警察声称唐纳德·特朗普关于伦敦部分地区‘极端主义’盛行、已成禁区的说法是正确的”。

Bye bye. Look, see? He's smiling. See, he's having a good time. Oh, I love the old days, you know? You know what I hate? There's a guy, totally disruptive, throwing punches, we're not allowed to punch back anymore. I love the old days. You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this? They'd be carried out on a stretcher, folks. You know, I love our police, and I really respect our police, and they're not getting enough. They're not. Honestly, I hate to see that. Here's a guy, throwing punches, nasty as hell, screaming at everything else when we're talking, and he's walking out, and we're not allowed -- you know, the guards are very gentle with him, he's walking out, like, big high fives, smiling, laughing -- I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell you.
—At a rally in Las Vegas (22 February 2016)
再见。你看，看到了吗？他笑了。看，他玩得正开心。哦，我爱过去的日子，你知道吗？你知道我讨厌什么吗？有个家伙，非常捣乱，挥拳打人，我们再也不被允许还手了。我爱过去的日子。你知道以前在这种地方，他们会怎么对付这种人吗？他们会被担架抬出去，伙计们。你知道，我爱我们的警察，我非常尊重我们的警察，但他们得不到应有的尊重。他们得不到应有的尊重。说实话，我讨厌看到那样的情况。有个家伙，挥拳打人，态度恶劣，在我们说话的时候对着其他东西大喊大叫，然后他走了出去，我们不允许——你知道，警卫对他很温柔，他走了出去，就像，大大地击掌，微笑着，大笑着——我真想揍他一顿，我跟你说。 
—在拉斯维加斯的一次集会上（2016 年 2 月 22 日）

Come on, get 'em out, police, please. Let's go! ... Nobody wants to hurt each other anymore.
—During a St Louis, Mo., rally, as quoted in "‘Get 'em out!' Racial tensions explode at Donald Trump's rallies", by Jose A. DelReal, The Washington Post (12 March 2016), Washington, D.C.
来吧，警察，求你了，把他们赶出去。我们走！……没人想再互相伤害了。
——密苏里州圣路易斯的一场集会期间，引自何塞·A·德尔雷尔在《华盛顿邮报》（2016年3月12日）发表的“‘把他们赶出去！’唐纳德·特朗普集会上种族紧张局势爆发”一文

As we celebrate National African American History Month, we recognize the heritage and achievements of African Americans. The contributions African Americans have made and continue to make are an integral part of our society, and the history of African Americans exemplifies the resilience and innovative spirit that continue to make our Nation great
—2 February 2017
值此全国非裔美国人历史月之际，我们铭记非裔美国人的传统和成就。非裔美国人过去和现在的贡献是我们社会不可或缺的一部分，他们的历史也体现了我们国家继续走向伟大的韧性和创新精神。
——2017年2月2日

We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides [repeat intentional]. This had been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. A long, long time.
—First statement regarding White Nationalist Rally terrorism in Charlottesville, VA.  The Guardian. (12 August 2017)
我们以最强烈的措辞谴责多方（故意重复）这种令人震惊的仇恨、偏见和暴力行为。这种情况在我们国家已经持续了很长时间。无论是唐纳德·特朗普，还是巴拉克·奥巴马。已经持续了很长很长时间了。
——关于弗吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔白人民族主义者集会恐怖主义事件的首次声明。《卫报》。（2017年8月12日）

Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror." Not good, we must keep America safe!
—Tweet by @realDonaldTrump (20 October 2017)
刚刚发布的报告：“随着激进伊斯兰恐怖主义的蔓延，英国犯罪率每年上升13%。” 这可不妙，我们必须保障美国的安全！
——@realDonaldTrump 的推文（2017年10月20日）

There is no basis whatsoever for impeachment. None. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no crime. The crime was by the Democrats. The crime was by the Democrats. There is no legal basis for impeachment. It's a big witch hunt. Everybody knows it, including the Democrats.
—2 June 2019
弹劾毫无根据。一点儿也不。没有勾结。没有妨碍司法。没有犯罪。犯罪是民主党人犯下的。犯罪是民主党人犯下的。弹劾没有任何法律依据。这是一场大规模的政治迫害。每个人都知道，包括民主党人。
——2019年6月2日

Our army manned the air, it rammed the ramparts, it took over the airports, it did everything it had to do.
—Trump was describing battles in 1775, as quoted in Trump blames 'airports' gaffe on teleprompter
我们的军队掌控着空中优势，冲击着城墙，占领了机场，做了一切该做的事情。
——特朗普在描述1775年的战役时说道，特朗普将“机场”失态归咎于提词器

You have to dominate or you'll look like a bunch of jerks, you have to arrest and try people.
You don't have to be too careful.
—Trump ordering US governors on how to react against people protesting against police violence following the murder of George Floyd, as quoted by Kevin Liptak, Ryan Nobles, Sarah Westwood (1 June 2020), "An agitated Trump encourages governors to use aggressive tactics on protesters", CNN
你必须掌控局面，否则就会看起来像一群混蛋，你必须逮捕并审判他人。
你不必太小心。
——特朗普命令美国州长如何应对乔治·弗洛伊德被谋杀后抗议警察暴力的民众，凯文·利普塔克、瑞安·诺布尔斯、莎拉·韦斯特伍德（2020年6月1日）引用，“激动的特朗普鼓励州长们对抗议者采取激进策略”，CNN

I see again the forest fires are starting. They’re starting again in California. I said, you gotta clean your floors, you gotta clean your forests — there are many, many years of leaves and broken trees and they’re like, like, so flammable, you touch them and it goes up. Maybe we’re just going to have to make them pay for it because they don’t listen to us.
—Quoted by Jeremy B. White (19 August 2020), "Trump blames California for wildfires, tells state 'you gotta clean your floors'", Politico
我又看到森林大火了。它们又在加州燃起了。我说，你们得清理你们的地板，你们得清理你们的森林——那里堆积了好多年才落下的树叶和断掉的树，它们非常易燃，你碰一下就会燃烧起来。也许我们只能让他们为此付出代价，因为他们不听我们的。
——杰里米·B·怀特（2020年8月19日）引述：《政治报》：“特朗普将山火归咎于加州，并告诉该州‘你们得清理你们的地板’”

About the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol: It was zero threat, right from the start, it was zero threat. Look, they went in, they shouldn't have done it. Some of them went in, and they are hugging and kissing the police and the guards, you know, they had great relationships. A lot of the people were waved in, and then they walked in and they walked out.
—Quoted by Veronica Stracqualursi (26 March 2021), Trump lies about Capitol riot by claiming his supporters were 'hugging and kissing' cops, CNN
关于2021年冲击美国国会大厦事件：那场暴乱从一开始就没有任何威胁。你看，他们进去了，他们不应该这么做。有些人进去后还和警察和警卫拥抱亲吻，你知道，他们关系很好。很多人被挥手示意进去，然后就走了进去又走了出来。
——Veronica Stracqualursi（2021年3月26日）引述，特朗普谎称国会大厦骚乱，声称他的支持者“拥抱亲吻”了警察，CNN

The American people’s birthright of freedom must prevail against Big Tech and other forces that seek to destroy it.
—7 July 2021 Politico, Trump plans class action suit against Twitter, Facebook
美国人民与生俱来的自由权利必须战胜科技巨头和其他试图摧毁它的势力。
——2021年7月7日，《政治报》，特朗普计划对推特和脸书提起集体诉讼

If they let you do your job you wouldn’t have crime in New York!
I’ve been given so much support by the people who do what you do.
We love the blue. I’ll say it loud. You know, you’re not supposed to say that. We love the blue.
—Trump makes surprise visit to New York police and firefighters on 9/11
如果他们让你做你的工作，纽约就不会有犯罪！
我得到了和你一样的人的大力支持。
我们热爱蓝色。我要大声说出来。你知道，你不应该这么说。我们热爱蓝色。
——特朗普于9·11事件期间突然拜访纽约警察和消防员

Whenever more Biden corruption is exposed his henchmen charge me with a crime.
—https://truthsocial.com/@RSBN/posts/110855681234356104
每当拜登的腐败行为被曝光时，他的追随者就会指控我犯罪。
—https://truthsocial.com/@RSBN/posts/110855681234356104

We have become a drug infested, crime ridden nation which is incapable of solvin’ even the sollest smallest problem. The simplest of problems, we can no longer solve. We can’t do anything. We are an institute in a powerful death penalty. We will put this on.
—"Trump utter's incoherent sentence about US not solving 'sollest smallest problem'", Indy 100 (January 23, 2024)
我们已经成为一个毒品泛滥、犯罪猖獗的国家，连最微不足道的问题都无力解决。就连最简单的问题，我们也无力解决。我们无能为力。我们是一个被处以重刑的机构。我们将执行死刑。
——“特朗普语无伦次地声称美国未能解决‘最微不足道的问题’”，《印地100》（2024年1月23日）

Anybody that thinks crime is going down is a serious brain problem.
—"Murder, other violent crime rates dropped across US last year, new FBI data shows", Scripps News (September 23, 2024)
任何认为犯罪率正在下降的人都是脑子有问题。
——“联邦调查局最新数据显示，去年美国谋杀及其他暴力犯罪率下降”，斯克里普斯新闻（2024年9月23日）

Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
—Twitter, 28 March 2014
健康的幼儿去看医生，注射了大量疫苗，但感觉不舒服，病情发生了变化——自闭症。这样的病例很多！
——推特，2014年3月28日

Somebody said I’m the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters.
—Quoted by Bradford Richardson (20 November 2015), "Trump says he’s the Hemingway of Twitter", The Hill
有人说我是140字版的欧内斯特·海明威。
——布拉德福德·理查森（2015年11月20日）《国会山报》：“特朗普称自己是推特版的海明威”

Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
—Twitter, 5 May 2016
#CincoDeMayo 节日快乐！最好吃的墨西哥卷饼碗是在特朗普大厦烧烤店做的。我爱西班牙裔！
——推特，2016年5月5日

we celebrate National African American History Month to honor the significant contributions African Americans have made to our great Nation
—31 January 2018. reposted on Twitter 1 Feb 2018 by @StateDept and 2 Feb 2018 by @WhiteHouse
我们庆祝全国非裔美国人历史月，以纪念非裔美国人为我们伟大国家做出的重大贡献
——2018年1月31日。@StateDept 于2018年2月1日在推特上转发，@WhiteHouse 于2018年2月2日在推特上转发。

Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!
—Claimed in a tweet that was later labeled as misleading and in a Facebook posting that was later deleted by Facebook, as quoted by Jessica Bursztynsky (6 October 2020), "Facebook, Twitter block Trump post that falsely claims coronavirus is less deadly than flu", CNBC
流感季即将来临！每年都有很多人死于流感，有时甚至超过10万人，即使接种了疫苗也是如此。我们要封锁我们的国家吗？不，我们已经学会了与它共存，就像我们正在学会与新冠病毒共存一样，只不过对大多数人群来说，新冠病毒的致死率要低得多！！！
——一条后来被标记为误导的推文和一条后来被Facebook删除的Facebook帖子中声称，正如杰西卡·伯斯蒂斯基（2020年10月6日）所引用，“Facebook和Twitter屏蔽了特朗普错误地声称冠状病毒致死率低于流感的帖子”，CNBC

I won the Election!
—Tweet November 16, 2020, with the warning by twitter: "Multiple sources called this election differently"
我赢了选举！
——2020年11月16日推文，推特警告：“多个消息来源对此次选举的报道不同”

Wow! Just think — in a couple of years I'll be dating you.
—to two 14-year-old girls in 1992 from the Chicago Tribune, as archived at Slate
哇！想想看——再过几年我就要和你约会了。
——1992年《芝加哥论坛报》对两名14岁女孩说的话，存档于Slate

Leadership: whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
—Tweet (8 November 2013)
领导力：无论发生什么，你都要负责。即使没有发生，你也要负责。
——推文（2013年11月8日）

We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas.
—"Trump signs executive order to keep out 'radical Islamic terrorists'", CNN (27 January 2017)
我们要确保我们的士兵在海外作战时所面临的威胁不会进入我们的国家。
——“特朗普签署行政命令，阻止‘激进伊斯兰恐怖分子’入境”，CNN（2017年1月27日）

Nine thousand three hundred and eighty-eight young Americans rest beneath the white crosses and Stars of David arrayed on these beautiful grounds. Each one has been adopted by a French family that thinks of him as their own. They come from all over France to look after our boys. They kneel. They cry. They pray. They place flowers. And they never forget. Today America embraces the French people and thanks you for honoring our beloved dead. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
九千三百八十八名美国青年，长眠于这片美丽的土地上，安息于白色十字架和大卫之星的映衬之下。他们每个人都被一个法国家庭收养，并视他们为自己的亲人。他们从法国各地赶来，照顾我们的孩子们。他们下跪，他们哭泣，他们祈祷，他们献上鲜花。他们永志不忘。今天，美国拥抱法国人民，感谢你们缅怀我们挚爱的逝者。谢谢！谢谢！谢谢！
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念致辞。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

Can we get like Gone with the Wind back, please? Sunset Boulevard, so many great movies.
—Trump slams Oscar-winning South Korean film 'Parasite', praises 'Gone with the Wind'video posted February 22, 2020
能不能让我们重温一下《乱世佳人》？《日落大道》，好多好电影啊。
——特朗普抨击奥斯卡获奖韩国电影《寄生虫》，称赞《乱世佳人》视频发布于2020年2月22日

I don't know much about the movement other than I understand they like me very much, which I appreciate
—Said about the QAnon group, as quoted by Kevin Liptak (20 August 2020), "Trump embraces QAnon conspiracy because 'they like me'", CNN
我对这个运动了解不多，但我知道他们很喜欢我，我很感激。
——凯文·利普塔克（Kevin Liptak）在2020年8月20日谈到QAnon组织时说：“特朗普支持QAnon阴谋论，因为‘他们喜欢我’”，CNN

(About “phony fake ballots":) How about the ones that were printed without my name on it, right? They had everything on it. They had every race, they had everything. You had the Senate, you had everything, they forgot to put me down.
—Claimed as quoted by Lori Robertson (20 October 2020), "Trump Misleads on Ballots Again", FactCheck.org
（关于“虚假选票”：）那些没有我名字的选票呢？他们上面什么都有。他们把每场竞选的选票都算进去了，什么都有。参议院的选票都算进去了，他们却忘了把我算进去。
——据洛里·罗伯逊（2020年10月20日）称，《特朗普再次误导选票》，FactCheck.org

Nobody has done more for Christianity or for evangelicals — or for religion itself — than I have.
—Quoted in "Donald Trump Claims Nobody Has Done More 'for Religion Itself' Than Him", Newsweek, 2 October 2021
没有人比我为基督教、福音派——或者说为宗教本身——做出的贡献更大。
——摘自《新闻周刊》，2021年10月2日，题为《唐纳德·特朗普声称没有人比他为‘宗教本身’做出的贡献更大》

I HATE TAYLOR SWIFT!
—"Trump says ‘I hate Taylor Swift’ after pop star endorses Kamala Harris", CNBC (September 15, 2024)
我讨厌泰勒·斯威夫特！
——“流行歌手支持卡玛拉·哈里斯后，特朗普说‘我讨厌泰勒·斯威夫特’”，CNBC（2024年9月15日）

We’re very disappointed with the judges that would make such a ruling. But we have a long way to go. We have to look, we have to find all of the fraud that’s going on. We have tremendous fraud, tremendous waste, and tremendous abuse, and theft, by the way. And the day you’re not allowed to look for theft and fraud, et cetera, then we don’t have much of a country. So, no judge should frankly be allowed to make that kind of a decision. It’s a disgrace.
—In response to a reporter's question concerning the court order blocking DOGE from investigating the Treasury Department, quoted in Trump’s Reaction to Court Order Blocking DOGE Is as Ominous as It Gets NewsBreak (February 10, 2025)
我们对做出此类裁决的法官非常失望。但我们还有很长的路要走。我们必须调查，必须找出所有正在发生的欺诈行为。顺便说一句，我们国家存在着大量的欺诈、浪费、滥用和盗窃行为。如果有一天连盗窃、欺诈等等都无法调查，那我们的国家就不完整了。所以，坦白地说，任何法官都不应该被允许做出这样的决定。这太丢脸了。
——回应记者关于法院阻止DOGE调查财政部的命令的问题，摘自《新闻快讯》（2025年2月10日），特朗普对法院阻止DOGE命令的反应令人担忧

Now, if your boss is a sadist, then you have a big problem. In that case, fire your boss and get a new job.
—Trump: How to Get Rich (2004)
如果你的老板是个虐待狂，那你就麻烦大了。如果是那样的话，干脆炒掉你的老板，再找份新工作。
——《特朗普致富秘诀》（2004）

Get going. Move forward. Aim high. Plan for a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.
—Trump: How to Get Rich (2004), p. 74
行动起来，勇往直前，志存高远，做好起飞的计划。别只是坐在跑道上，指望有人过来推飞机。这根本不可能发生。改变你的态度，飞得更高。相信我，你会爱上这里的。
——《特朗普：致富之道》（2004），第74页

There is a way of beating ISIS so easily, so quickly, so effectively, and it would be so nice...I know a way that would absolutely give us guaranteed victory...the problem is then everybody will take the idea, run with it and then people will forget where it came from...I ran it past two or three people. [It's] so simple. It's like the paper clip.
—On his plan to defeat ISIS (May 2015)
有一种击败ISIS的方法，既轻松又快速，而且效果显著，那真是太好了……我知道一种绝对能让我们稳操胜券的方法……问题是，每个人都会采纳这个想法，大肆宣扬，然后人们就会忘记它是怎么来的……我跟两三个人讨论过这个方法。[它]非常简单，就像回形针一样。
——关于他击败ISIS的计划（2015年5月）

We're rounding 'em up in a very humane way, in a very nice way. And they're going to be happy because they want to be legalized. And, by the way, I know it doesn't sound nice. But not everything is nice.
—27 December 2015 on 60 Minutes
我们正在以一种非常人道、非常友好的方式把他们围捕起来。他们会很高兴，因为他们希望合法化。顺便说一句，我知道这听起来不太好。但事情并非总是如此美好。
——2015年12月27日，《60分钟》

We won with young. We won with old. We won with highly educated. We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.
—Donald Trump declares 'I love the poorly educated' as he storms to victory in Nevada caucus, 24 February 2016
我们赢得了年轻人的支持。我们赢得了老年人的支持。我们赢得了高学历的支持。我们赢得了低学历的支持。我爱低学历的人。
——唐纳德·特朗普在2016年2月24日内华达州党团会议中大获全胜时宣称“我爱低学历的人”

Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends and her donors.
Honestly, she should be locked up. She should be. Should be locked up.
—at a rally in West Palm Beach, Florida (October 13, 2016)
希拉里·克林顿秘密与国际银行会面，密谋摧毁美国主权，以便让这些全球金融巨头、她的特殊利益集团朋友和她的金主们中饱私囊。
说实话，她应该被关起来。她应该被关起来。应该被关起来。
——佛罗里达州西棕榈滩的一场集会（2016年10月13日）

I have a natural instinct for science
—Quoted in Jonathan Chait (15 October 2018), "Trump: My ‘Natural Instinct for Science’ Tells Me Climate Science Is Wrong", New York Intelligencer
我对科学有着与生俱来的直觉
——摘自乔纳森·蔡特（Jonathan Chait）（2018年10月15日），《特朗普：我的‘科学直觉’告诉我气候科学是错误的》，《纽约情报员》

Boris Johnson, good man he is tough but he is smart. They call him Brittain Trump..They like me over there
—[www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0wO89TT9vI Trump on Johnson: 'They call him Britain Trump' - BBC News] July 24, 2019
鲍里斯·约翰逊，好人，他强硬但聪明。他们叫他“英国版特朗普”……他们喜欢我。
——[www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0wO89TT9vI 特朗普谈约翰逊：“他们叫他‘英国版特朗普’” - BBC新闻] 2019年7月24日

I have a feeling that a lot of the numbers that are being said in some areas are just bigger than they’re going to be, I don't believe you need 40,000 or 30,000 ventilators. You go into major hospitals sometimes, and they’ll have two ventilators. And now all of a sudden they’re saying, 'Can we order 30,000 ventilators?'
—Speaking with Sean Hannity on Fox News on 26 March 2020. As quoted in Trump: I don't believe you really need that many ventilators, 27 March 2020, Politico.
我感觉有些地区公布的数字比实际需要的要大得多。我不认为需要4万或3万台呼吸机。有时去大型医院，他们只有两台呼吸机。现在他们突然说：“我们能订购3万台呼吸机吗？”
——2020年3月26日接受福克斯新闻肖恩·汉尼提采访。引自特朗普：我不认为真的需要那么多呼吸机，2020年3月27日，《政治报》

What do you have to lose? What do you have to lose? And a lot of people are saying that when … and are taking it, if you’re a doctor, a nurse, a first responder, a medical person going into hospitals, they say taking it before the fact is good, but what do you have to lose? They say, take it, I’m not looking at it one way or the other, but we want to get out of this. If it does work, it would be a shame if we didn’t do it early. But we have some very good signs. So that’s hydroxy chloroquine and as azithromycin, and again, you have to go through your medical people get the approval. But I’ve seen things that I sort of like, so what do I know? I’m not a doctor, I’m not a doctor, but I have common sense.
—Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, April 5. Transcript at Rev.
你有什么可失去的？你有什么可失去的？很多人说，如果你是医生、护士、急救人员、去医院的医务人员，并且正在服用某种药物，他们会说在疫情爆发前服用是好的，但你有什么可失去的呢？他们说，服用吧，我对此并无异议，但我们想摆脱困境。如果它真的有效，如果我们不及早使用，那真是太可惜了。不过，我们已经看到了一些非常好的迹象。比如羟氯喹和阿奇霉素，同样，你必须经过医务人员的批准。但我见过一些我有点喜欢的东西，所以我知道什么呢？我不是医生，我不是医生，但我有常识。
——冠状病毒特别工作组简报，4月5日。Rev 记录

The FDA feels good about it. They’ve, as you know, they’ve approved it. They gave it a rapid approved approval. And the reason because it’s been out there for a long time and they know the side effects and they also know the potential. So based on that, we have sent it throughout the country. We have it stockpiled about 29 million doses, 29 million doses. We have a lot of it. We hope it works. Driven by the goal of the brightest minds in science. We have the brightest minds in science, but we were driven by the goal of getting rid of this plague, getting rid of this scourge, getting rid of this virus. These brilliant minds are working on the most effective antiviral therapies and vaccines. We are working very, very hard. I have met many of the doctors that are doing it. These are doctors that are working so hard on vanquishing the virus.
—Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, April 5. Transcript at Rev. Note: Hydroxychloroquine use is not approved by the FDA for COVID-19 as of 7 April 2020.
美国食品药品监督管理局（FDA）对此感到满意。正如你所知，他们已经批准了它。他们迅速批准了它。原因是它已经上市很长时间了，他们知道它的副作用，也知道它的潜力。因此，我们已将其送往全国各地。我们储存了大约2900万剂，2900万剂。我们有很多。我们希望它有效。这源于科学界最聪明的头脑的目标。我们拥有科学界最聪明的头脑，但我们的目标也是消灭这场瘟疫，消灭这场祸害，消灭这种病毒。这些聪明的头脑正在研究最有效的抗病毒疗法和疫苗。我们正在非常非常努力地工作。我见过很多正在做这件事的医生。这些医生正在为消灭病毒而努力工作。
— 冠状病毒特别工作组简报，4 月 5 日Rev. 注：截至 2020 年 4 月 7 日，FDA 尚未批准使用羟氯喹治疗 COVID-19。

These are the people – the best, the smartest, the most brilliant anywhere, and they’ve come up with the AIDS vaccine. They’ve come up with ... various things.
—Claimed about scientists, as quoted by Calvin Woodward, Hope Yen (16 June 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump on an AIDS vaccine that doesn’t exist", News 12
这些人——世界上最优秀、最聪明、最杰出的人，他们发明了艾滋病疫苗。他们发明了……各种各样的东西。
——关于科学家的说法，引自卡尔文·伍德沃德、霍普·延（2020年6月16日），“美联社事实核查：特朗普谈论一种根本不存在的艾滋病疫苗”，新闻12

I know people that like the Confederate flag and they're not thinking about slavery.
—As quoted by Tina Nguyen (18 July 2020), "Trump keeps fighting a Confederate flag battle many supporters have conceded", Politico
我知道有些人喜欢邦联旗帜，但他们不会考虑奴隶制。
——蒂娜·阮（Tina Nguyen）（2020年7月18日）在《政治报》（Politico）上撰文：“特朗普一直在打一场许多支持者已经承认的邦联旗帜之战。”

They want to go after me because I have, they think, a big mouth. I don't have a big mouth, you know what I have, I have a mouth that tells the truth.
—"Trump says he has 'a mouth that tells the truth' while making false statements at Georgia rally", Insider, 26 September 2021
他们想攻击我，是因为他们觉得我嘴巴很大。其实我嘴巴不大，你知道我有什么，我的嘴巴会说真话。
——“特朗普在佐治亚州集会上发表虚假言论时，却说自己‘嘴巴会说真话’”，《Insider》，2021年9月26日

Why is “Phoney” (Like in PERFECT “PHONE” CALL, get it?) Fani Willis, the severely underperforming D.A. of Fulton County who is being accused of having an “affair” with a Gang Member of a group that she is prosecuting, leaking my name in regard to a Grand Jury pertaining to Election Fraud & Irregularities that I say took place in Georgia. I made a PERFECT PHONE CALL OF PROTEST. What does Phoney Fani have to do with me? She should instead focus on the record number of murders in Atlanta!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/110882230702522121
为什么“骗子”（就像完美的“电话”一样，明白吗？）法妮·威利斯，这位表现严重不佳的富尔顿县地方检察官，被指控与她正在起诉的一个团伙的一名帮派成员有“婚外情”，却在与我所说的发生在佐治亚州的选举舞弊和违规行为有关的大陪审团会议上泄露我的名字。我打了一个完美的抗议电话。骗子法妮跟我有什么关系？她应该把注意力集中在亚特兰大创纪录的谋杀案数量上！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/110882230702522121

I have been indicted more than the great Al Capone, on bullshit.
—11 May 2024 per InsiderNJ writer Max Pizarro
我被起诉的次数比伟大的阿尔·卡彭还多，都是些胡扯。
——2024年5月11日，InsiderNJ 撰稿人 Max Pizarro

Don’t forget, if it weren’t me, they’d be going after somebody else. And I know a lot of the competition, They wouldn’t be doing so well right now. They’d be saying, ‘Mommy, take me home, I want to go home.
—2 June 2024 cited in Politico article by Mia McCarthy
别忘了，如果不是我，他们早就去找别人了。我知道很多竞争对手，他们现在肯定活不下去。他们会说，‘妈妈，带我回家，我想回家。’
——2024年6月2日，米娅·麦卡锡在《政治报》上发表文章

I know nothing about project 2025.
I disagree with some of the things they’re saying and some of the things they’re saying are absolutely ridiculous and abysmal.
—Claimed on July 5, 2024, quoted in: "Trump claims not to know who is behind Project 2025. A CNN review found at least 140 people who worked for him are involved", CNN (July 11, 2024)
我对“2025项目”一无所知。
我不同意他们所说的一些事情，他们所说的一些事情简直荒谬至极，令人发指。
——2024年7月5日声称，引用自：“特朗普声称不知道谁是‘2025项目’的幕后黑手。CNN的审查发现，至少有140名为他工作的人参与其中”，CNN（2024年7月11日）

I’m for electric cars. I have to be, you know, because Elon endorsed me very strongly. So I have no choice.
—5 August 2024 "Trump Says Electric Cars Are 'Fantastic' After Tesla CEO Elon Musk's Endorsement: 'I Have To Be, You Know… I Have No Choice'", Benzinga
我支持电动汽车。我必须支持，你知道，因为埃隆·马斯克非常支持我。所以我别无选择。
——2024年8月5日 “在特斯拉首席执行官埃隆·马斯克支持电动汽车后，特朗普称电动汽车‘太棒了’：‘我必须支持，你知道……我别无选择’”，本辛加

You’re the greatest cutter,...I need an Elon Musk — I need somebody that has a lot of strength and courage and smarts. I want to close up the Department of Education, move education back to the states.
—13 August 2024 in AP News article
你真是个厉害的裁员高手……我需要一个像埃隆·马斯克那样的人——我需要一个拥有强大力量、勇气和智慧的人。我想关闭教育部，把教育回归各州。
——2024年8月13日，美联社新闻报道

If you look at Kamala and you look at what she’s done to every place she’s touched has turned to s**t. Every single place she’s touched. I have to say, it. Every place she’s touched, you know?
—"Melania’s plea for Trump to control his swearing flops as he tears into Harris at rally", Yahoo News / Independent (August 31, 2024)
如果你看看卡玛拉，看看她对她触碰过的每个地方所做的一切，都变成了屎。她触碰过的每一个地方。我不得不说，是的。她触碰过的每一个地方，你知道吗？
——“梅拉尼娅恳求特朗普在集会上斥责哈里斯时控制住他的脏话”，雅虎新闻/独立报（2024年8月31日）

It's easier than saying I read it and you know, all of the things. No, I purposely haven't read it, and I've heard about it.
I've heard about things that are in there that I don't like, and there's some things in there that everybody would like, but there are things that I don't like at all.
[About Project 2025:] I know nothing about it, and they know that, too. Democrats know that, and I purposely haven't read it because I want to say to you I don't, I have no idea what it's all about.
—"Trump says ‘purposefully’ hasn’t read Project 2025 — but everybody would like parts of it", RawStory (September 3, 2024)
这比说我读过它，你知道，所有的内容都看过要容易得多。不，我故意没读，而且我听说过。
我听说里面有些内容我不喜欢，也有一些内容大家都会喜欢，但也有一些内容我一点也不喜欢。
[关于2025计划：] 我对此一无所知，他们也知道。民主党人知道这一点，我故意没读，因为我想告诉你，我完全不知道，我根本不知道它到底是怎么回事。
——“特朗普说他‘故意’没读过2025计划——但每个人都会喜欢其中的部分内容”，RawStory（2024年9月3日）

I could’ve been anywhere I wanted to be. I could’ve had those waves smacking me in the face. That white, beautiful white skin that I have would be nice and tan. I got the whitest skin ’cause I never have time to go out in the sun. But I have that beautiful white, and you know what? It could’ve been beautiful, tanned, beautiful.
—Trump Boasts He Has ‘Beautiful White Skin’ Right After Slamming Kamala Harris MSN (November 2, 2024)
我本可以去任何我想去的地方。我本可以任由海浪拍打我的脸庞。我那白皙、美丽的肌肤，晒成古铜色一定很漂亮。我的皮肤白得最白，因为我从来没时间晒太阳。但我拥有那美丽的白皙，你知道吗？它本来可以很美，晒成古铜色，很美。
——特朗普抨击卡马拉·哈里斯后夸耀自己拥有“美丽的白皮肤” MSN（2024年11月2日）

Because I have common sense, OK, and unfortunately a lot of people don't.
—When asked how he could come to the conclusion that FAA diversity policies had something to do with the fatal air disaster at Reagan Washington National Airport, quoted in Trump goes on offensive against FAA diversity initiatives during DC crash briefing, prompts fierce backlash ABC News (January 30, 2025)
因为我有常识，好吧，不幸的是很多人没有。
——当被问及他如何得出结论，认为美国联邦航空管理局的多元化政策与里根华盛顿国家机场的致命空难有关时，引用了《特朗普在华盛顿坠机简报会上抨击美国联邦航空管理局的多元化举措，引发强烈反对》ABC新闻（2025年1月30日）中的一段话。

The human soul yearns for discovery. By unlocking the mysteries of the universe, we unlock truths within ourselves. That's true. Our journey into space will not only make us stronger and more prosperous, but will unite us behind grand ambitions and bring us all closer together. Wouldn't that be nice? Can you believe that space is going to do that? I thought politics would do that. (Laughter.) Well, we'll have to rely on space instead.
Every launch into the skies is another step forward toward a future where our differences seem small against the vast expanse of our common humanity. Sometimes you have to view things from a distance in order to see the real truth. It is America's destiny to be at the forefront of humanity's eternal quest for knowledge and to be the leader amongst nations on our adventure into the great unknown.
Space. A lotta room out there, right? [Buzz Aldrin interjects: To infinity and beyond!] This is infinity, it could be infinity, we don't really don't know, but it could be, there's gotta be something, but it could be infinity, right?
—Trump speaking while signing an Executive Order on the National Space Council (30 June 2017)
人类灵魂渴望探索。通过揭开宇宙的奥秘，我们也能解开自身内心的真理。这的确如此。我们的太空之旅不仅会让我们更加强大、更加繁荣，更会让我们团结起来，共同追求宏伟的目标，让我们更加紧密地联系在一起。那岂不是很棒？你能相信太空能做到这一点吗？我以为政治就能做到这一点。（笑声）好吧，我们只能依靠太空了。
每一次升空都是迈向未来的又一步，在那个未来，我们的差异在我们共同人性的浩瀚面前显得渺小。有时，你必须从远处观察事物，才能看到真正的真相。美国的命运就是站在人类永恒求知的前沿，并在我们探索未知领域的征程中成为各国的领袖。
太空。那里有很多空间，对吧？ [巴兹·奥尔德林插话：超越无限！] 这就是无限，也可能是无限，我们并非真的不知道，但可能是，肯定有某种东西，但也可能就是无限，对吧？
——特朗普在签署国家太空委员会行政命令时发表讲话（2017年6月30日）

The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, they have given us nothing but lies and deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
—CNN: Trump's first 2018 tweet: Pakistan has 'given us nothing but lies & deceit', The Independent
美国愚蠢地在过去15年里向巴基斯坦提供了超过330亿美元的援助，他们给我们的只有谎言和欺骗，把我们的领导人当傻瓜。他们为我们在阿富汗追捕的恐怖分子提供庇护，却几乎不提供任何帮助。别再这样了！
——CNN：特朗普2018年第一条推文：巴基斯坦“给我们的只有谎言和欺骗”，《独立报》

Weak and tired Republican “leadership” will allow the bad Defense Bill to pass.
—Tweet, 29 December 2020.
软弱疲惫的共和党“领导层”将让糟糕的国防法案获得通过。
——推文，2020年12月29日。

Republican leadership only wants the path of least resistance. Our leaders (not me, of course!) are pathetic.
—Tweet, quoted by Zachary B. Wolfe (29 December 2020), "Trump lashes out at Republicans after they override his veto", CNN
共和党领导层只想走阻力最小的道路。我们的领导人（当然不是我！）真是可悲。
——扎卡里·B·沃尔夫（Zachary B. Wolfe）在推特上引用（2020年12月29日），“特朗普在共和党推翻他的否决权后猛烈抨击”，CNN

The concept of shaking hands is absolutely terrible, and statistically I’ve been proven right.
—Playboy, 2004 
握手这个概念实在糟糕透顶，而且统计数据证明我的观点是正确的。
——《花花公子》，2004年

I look very much forward to showing my financials. Because they are huge.
—Scherer, Michael (11 April 2011), "In the presence of Donald Trump", Time, retrieved on 2019-10-28
我非常期待展示我的财务状况，因为它们规模庞大。
——迈克尔·谢勒（2011年4月11日），《在唐纳德·特朗普面前》，《时代》杂志，检索日期：2019年10月28日

Must be a pretty picture you dropping to your knees.
—" to Brande Roderick, From The Apprentice, Season 6, Episode 1" (3 March 2013)
想必你跪倒在地的画面一定很美。
——《学徒》第六季第一集，布兰德·罗德里克 (2013年3月3日)

We have a situation where we're looking very strongly at sinks and showers, and other elements of bathrooms.
You turn on the faucet and you don't get any water..
They have so much water that it comes down. It's called rain.
People are flushing toilets 10 times, 15 times.
—Quoted in Matthew Cantor (6 December 2019), "Trump says people 'flush the toilet 10 times' and seeks solution", The Guardian
我们目前的情况是，我们正密切关注水槽、淋浴以及浴室的其他设施。
你打开水龙头，却没有水……
他们的水太多了，都流下来了。这叫做雨。
人们冲厕所要10次、15次。
——引自马修·坎托（2019年12月6日），“特朗普说人们‘冲厕所10次’，并寻求解决方案”，《卫报》

Rihanna gave, without question, the single worst Halftime Show in Super Bowl history—This after insulting far more than half of our Nation, which is already in serious DECLINE, with her foul and insulting language. Also, so much for her ‘Stylist!’
—"Donald Trump Calls Rihanna's Super Bowl Halftime Performance an 'Epic Fail'", Vanity Fair, 13 February 2023
蕾哈娜毫无疑问奉献了超级碗历史上最糟糕的中场秀——此前，她用粗俗侮辱性的语言侮辱了我们国家一半以上的民众，而我们的国家早已衰落到如此地步。而且，她的“造型师”也太没用了吧！
——“唐纳德·特朗普称蕾哈娜的超级碗中场秀是‘史诗级的失败’”，《名利场》，2023年2月13日

Has anyone noticed that Kamala CHEATED at the airport? There was nobody at the plane, and she ‘A.I.’d’ it, and showed a massive ‘crowd’ of so-called followers, BUT THEY DIDN’T EXIST!
—10 August 2024 cited in "Trump’s Latest Falsehood Is a Huge Tell", The Atlantic
有人注意到卡玛拉在机场作弊了吗？飞机上根本没人，她用人工智能做了这件事，还展示了一大群所谓的“粉丝”，但他们根本不存在！
——2024年8月10日，《大西洋月刊》“特朗普最新的谎言是一个巨大的骗局”

15 stunning all-new digital trading cards, it's really something. These cards show me dancing, even holding some BitCoins!
—"Trump revives widely mocked digital trading cards as Harris gains in polls", RawStory (August 27, 2024)
15张惊艳的全新数字集换式卡牌，真是太棒了！这些卡牌上画着我跳舞的身影，甚至还拿着一些比特币！
——“随着哈里斯民调支持率上升，特朗普重启备受嘲讽的数字集换式卡牌”，RawStory（2024年8月27日）

The Harris/Biden administration has been caught fraudulently manipulating job statistics to hide the true extent of the economic ruin that they’ve inflicted on America, Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the administration padded the numbers with an extra, listen to this one, 818,000 jobs that don’t exist.
—"Donald Trump falsely claimed that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris manipulated job data", Poynter (August 27, 2024)
哈里斯/拜登政府被发现欺诈性地操纵就业统计数据，以掩盖其对美国造成的经济破坏的真实程度。美国劳工统计局显示，政府在数据中多加了81.8万个根本不存在的就业岗位，听听这个。
——“唐纳德·特朗普谎称乔·拜登和卡玛拉·哈里斯操纵了就业数据”，《波因特》（2024年8月27日）

We do a lot of these beautiful rallies, and it's so great. We never have an empty seat, never have. Look at it.
—"Donald Trump Rally Videos Show Hundreds of Empty Seats", Newsweek (October 10, 2024)
我们举办了很多这样精彩的集会，感觉棒极了。我们从来没有空座，从来没有。看看吧。
——“唐纳德·特朗普集会视频显示数百个空座位”，《新闻周刊》（2024年10月10日）

What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
—Trump: Surviving at the Top (1990), p. 3
成功者与失败者的区别在于一个人如何应对每一次新的命运转折。
——《特朗普：巅峰求生》（1990年），第3页

She turned out to be the wife of a man who was then the prime minister of a major country. I'd heard stories about this lady, but I never thought much of them until that night. We met at the house of the friend who'd phoned me. After we'd all chatted for a while in the living room, the four of us who already knew each other drifted out to the kitchen, leaving Ben and Madame X in the living room to get better acquainted. Which they did. In fact, when we drifted back in, about ten minutes later, she and Ben were involved in an incredibly torrid scene on the couch. I remember standing there and thinking to myself, "Well, Donald, you're not in Queens anymore."
—Trump: Surviving at the Top (1990), p. 52
原来，她丈夫当时是某个大国的首相。我听过一些关于这位女士的故事，但直到那天晚上才开始认真思考。我们在给我打电话的朋友家见面。在客厅聊了一会儿后，我们四个彼此熟悉的人就去了厨房，留下本和X夫人在客厅里熟悉起来。他们也确实熟悉了。事实上，大约十分钟后，当我们再次回到客厅时，她和本正在沙发上热热闹闹地吵闹。我记得我站在那里，心想：“好吧，唐纳德，你已经不在皇后区了。”
——《特朗普：巅峰求生》（1990），第52页

"I want five children, like in my own family, because with five, then I will know that one will be guaranteed to turn out like me," Donald told a close friend.
—Marie Brenner (1 September 1990), "After the Gold Rush", Vanity Fair
“我想要五个孩子，就像我自己家那样，因为有了五个孩子，我就能确定其中一个一定会像我一样，”唐纳德告诉一位密友。
——玛丽·布伦纳（1990年9月1日），《淘金热之后》，《名利场》

Very good question. (pause) I don't think it's a sin but I don't think it should be done.
in response to the question, "Is adultery a sin."
—in the New York Post (February 23, 1990), as archived at the Daily Beast
非常好的问题。（停顿）我不认为这是罪，但我认为不应该这么做。
关于“通奸是罪吗？”这个问题的回答。
——《纽约邮报》（1990年2月23日），存档于《每日野兽》

Everybody's always blaming me for everything.
—16 May 1994 in "For Sale by Owner" s4e24 of "Fresh Prince of Bel-Air"
每个人都把所有事情都怪到我头上。
——1994年5月16日，《新鲜王子妙事多》第4季第24集“业主自售”

So the Reform Party now includes a Klansman, Mr. Duke, a neo-Nazi, Mr. Buchanan, and a communist, Ms. Fulani. This is not company I wish to keep.
—As quoted in "QUOTATION OF THE DAY". The New York Times. 14 February 2000.
所以，改革党现在包括了三K党成员杜克先生、新纳粹分子布坎南先生和共产主义者富拉尼女士。我可不想和这样的人为伍。
——摘自《纽约时报》“每日语录”，2000年2月14日。

People say, "Do you have the same opportunity today as you had years ago?" And I said, "Absolutely." You always have an opportunity. There's always an opportunity, especially in this country.
—Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer, CNN (21 March 2004)
人们会问：“你今天的机会和几年前一样吗？”我说：“当然有。”机会总是有的。机会总是有的，尤其是在这个国家。
——沃尔夫·布利策晚间节目，CNN（2004年3月21日）

@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
—28 August 2012 tweet
@ariannahuff 内外都不吸引人。我完全理解她前夫为什么为了个男人离开她——他做了一个正确的决定。
——2012年8月28日推文

If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa, has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people & resign!
—Snopes fact check: Did Trump Call for Obama to Resign After Ebola Doctor Returned to U.S.? (23 Oct)
如果这位如此鲁莽地从西非飞抵纽约的医生感染了埃博拉病毒，那么奥巴马就应该向美国人民道歉并辞职！
——Snopes 事实核查：埃博拉医生回国后，特朗普是否曾要求奥巴马辞职？（10月23日）

It's going to get worse in our country and we better start fighting a lot tougher than we're fighting right now.
—"Trump: 'Absolutely Ridiculous' Marines Not Allowed to Carry Guns at Centers", Fox News Insider, 16 July 2015
我们国家的情况会越来越糟，我们最好开始比现在更加强硬地抗争。
——“特朗普：海军陆战队禁止在医疗中心携带枪支‘太荒谬了’”，福克斯新闻内幕，2015年7月16日

You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever.
—On Megyn Kelly (7 August 2015)
你能看到她的眼睛里流着血，她身上所有的地方都在流血。
——梅根·凯利（2015年8月7日）

We have to keep the families together, but they have to go. What if they have no place to go?
—During the Iowa State Fair (2015 August 15)
我们必须让这些家庭团聚，但他们必须离开。如果他们无处可去怎么办？
——爱荷华州博览会期间（2015年8月15日）

What's the difference between a wet raccoon and Donald J. Trump's hair? A wet raccoon doesn't have seven billion fucking dollars in the bank.
—20 August 2015 roast on Comedy Central transcribed by Newsweek
一只湿浣熊和唐纳德·J·特朗普的头发有什么区别？一只湿浣熊又没他妈的70亿美元在银行里。
——2015年8月20日喜剧中心吐槽，《新闻周刊》转录

Watch and study the mosques, because a lot of talk is going on at the mosques.
—As quoted in "Donald Trump: 'Strongly consider' shutting mosques" (16 November 2015), by Gregory Krieg, CNN (2015), Atlanta, Georgia: Cable News Network.
观察并研究清真寺，因为清真寺里有很多讨论。
——引自格雷戈里·克里格撰写的《唐纳德·特朗普：‘强烈考虑’关闭清真寺》（2015年11月16日），美国有线电视新闻网（CNN）（2015年），佐治亚州亚特兰大：有线电视新闻网。

Written by a nice reporter. Now the poor guy - you ought to see the guy: ‘Uhh I don't know what I said. I don't remember!' He's going, ‘I don't remember! Maybe that's what I said.'
—As quoted in "Trump mocks reporter with disability" (25 November 2015 by CNN) and "Donald Trump accused of mocking disabled reporter" (26 November 2015), by Rob Crilly regarding Serge Kovaleski
写得不错，是个好记者。现在这个可怜的家伙——你真该看看他：“呃，我不记得我说了什么。我不记得了！”他却说：“我不记得了！也许我说的是这个。”
——罗布·克里利在谈到塞尔吉·科瓦莱斯基时，摘自《特朗普嘲讽残疾记者》（CNN 2015年11月25日）和《唐纳德·特朗普被指控嘲讽残疾记者》（2015年11月26日）

If you're in the White House, who wants to take a vacation? You're in the White House!… What's better than the White House? Why these vacations?
—Hardball with Chris Matthews, August 4, 2017 December 5, 2015 rally
如果你在白宫，谁还想去度假？你可是在白宫啊！……还有什么比白宫更好？为什么要休假？
——克里斯·马修斯的硬球秀，2017年8月4日 - 2015年12月5日集会

To have a crowd like this on our final day, can you believe it, this is the day. This is the day we take our country back. Remember that. This is the day we take our country back. So I got a little notice in case you see it. It's security guys. We have wonderful security guys. They said, "Mr. Trump, there may be somebody with tomatoes in the audience." So if you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously... Okay? Just knock the hell... I promise you I will pay for the legal fees, I promise. I promise. There won't be so much cause the courts agree with us too. What's going on in this country.
—At a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. (1 February 2016)
在我们最后一天有这么多人，你能相信吗？今天就是我们夺回国家的日子。记住这一点。今天就是我们夺回国家的日子。所以我提前通知了一下，万一你们看到了呢。是安保人员。我们有很棒的安保人员。他们说：“特朗普先生，观众席里可能有人拿着西红柿。”所以，如果你看到有人准备扔西红柿，就把他们打晕，好吗？真的……好吗？打死他们……我向你们保证，我会支付律师费，我保证。我保证。不会有那么多钱，因为法院也同意我们的观点。这个国家到底怎么了？
——在爱荷华州锡达拉皮兹的一次集会上。（2016年2月1日）

Torture works, okay folks? [...] Believe me, it works. [...] Waterboarding is your minor form. Some people say it's not actually torture. Let's assume it is. But they asked me the question. What do you think of waterboarding? Absolutely fine. But we should go much stronger than waterboarding. That's the way I feel.
—Donald Trump: "Torture works". CBS News (17 February 2016). Bluffton, South Carolina.
酷刑管用，各位？[...] 相信我，它管用。[...] 水刑只是轻刑。有人说它其实不算酷刑。姑且假设吧。但他们问了我这个问题。你觉得水刑怎么样？完全没问题。但我们应该比水刑更严厉一些。我就是这么想的。
——唐纳德·特朗普：“酷刑管用”。哥伦比亚广播公司新闻（2016年2月17日）。南卡罗来纳州布拉夫顿。

Look at those hands. Are they small hands? And he referred to my hands — if they're small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there's no problem, I guarantee.
—Fox News Republican debate, 2016-03-03, quoted in Gregory Krieg (4 March 2016), "Donald Trump defends size of his penis", CNN
看看那双手。是小手吗？他还说我的手——如果它们小，那别的东西也一定小。我保证没问题，我保证。
——福克斯新闻共和党辩论，2016年3月3日，引自格雷戈里·克里格（2016年3月4日），“唐纳德·特朗普为他的阴茎尺寸辩护”，CNN

I promise you, I will not be taking very long vacations, if I take them at all. There's no time for vacations. We're not going to be big on vacations.
—Hardball with Chris Matthews, August 4, 2017 March 14, 2016 rally
我向你保证，我不会休太长的假，即使真的要休。根本没时间休假。我们不会把假期过长。
——克里斯·马修斯的硬球秀，2017年8月4日 - 2016年3月14日集会

I was angry because they sued.
—explaining why he withdrew the medical benefits to his nephew's infant son who had cerebral palsy, after his nephew claimed that the exclusion from Fred Trump's will was a result of Donald Trump and his siblings unduly influencing the older man. as quoted in Donald Trump's Cruel Streak, by Conor Friedersdorf, in The Atlantic; published September 26, 2016; retrieved October 24, 2016
我很生气，因为他们起诉了我。
——解释了为什么他取消了侄子患有脑瘫的婴儿的医疗福利，因为他的侄子声称，弗雷德·特朗普的遗嘱中没有包括这项福利，是因为唐纳德·特朗普及其兄弟姐妹对这位老人施加了不当影响。引自康纳·弗里德斯多夫在《大西洋月刊》上发表的《唐纳德·特朗普的残酷一面》；发表于 2016 年 9 月 26 日；检索于 2016 年 10 月 24 日

If you love what you do, you're happy. You don't take vacations.
—Hardball with Chris Matthews, August 4, 2017 April 22, 2016 rally
如果你热爱你所做的事情，你就会感到快乐。你不会休假。
——克里斯·马修斯的硬球访谈，2017年8月4日 - 2016年4月22日集会

You've been hearing me say it's a rigged system, but now I don't say it anymore because I won. It's true. Now I don't care.
—"Trump: GOP 'rigged,' but I don't care because I won" by Ryan Lovelace, Washington Examiner (5 May 2016)
你一直听我说这是一个被操纵的体制，但现在我不再这么说了，因为我赢了。这是真的。现在我不在乎了。
——“特朗普：共和党‘被操纵’，但我不在乎，因为我赢了”，瑞安·洛夫莱斯，《华盛顿观察家报》（2016年5月5日）

I'll stand up for Article Two, Article 12, you name it of the Constitution.
—About the U.S. Constitution, which only has seven articles and 27 amendments; as recounted by Mark Sanford, quoted in "Trump Manages To Give Some House GOPers More Heartburn In Hill Meeting" (2016), Talking Points Memo (July 7, 2016).
我会捍卫宪法第二条、第十二条，凡是你能想到的宪法条款，我都会支持。
——关于美国宪法，它只有七条正文和二十七条修正案；正如马克·桑福德在《特朗普在国会山会议上让一些众议院共和党人更加心痛》（2016年）和《谈话要点备忘录》（2016年7月7日）中所述。

Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the second amendment. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the second amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know. But I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day.
—Rally in Wilmington, North Carolina on August 9, 2016 (Corasaniti, Nick; Haberman, Maggie (August 9, 2016). "Donald Trump Suggests ‘Second Amendment People' Could Act Against Hillary Clinton". The New York Times. Retrieved on November 15, 2018.; Smith, David (August 10, 2016). "Donald Trump hints at assassination of Hillary Clinton by gun rights supporters". The Guardian. Retrieved on November 15, 2018.).
希拉里想要废除，本质上就是废除第二修正案。如果她能自己挑选法官，各位，你们就无能为力了。至于第二修正案支持者，或许真的有，我不知道。但我告诉你，那将是可怕的一天。
——2016年8月9日北卡罗来纳州威尔明顿集会（尼克·科拉萨尼蒂；玛吉·哈伯曼（2016年8月9日）。“唐纳德·特朗普暗示‘第二修正案支持者’可能对希拉里·克林顿采取行动”。《纽约时报》。2018年11月15日检索。；大卫·史密斯（2016年8月10日）。“唐纳德·特朗普暗示枪支权利支持者将暗杀希拉里·克林顿”。《卫报》。2018年11月15日检索。）

I will always tell you the truth.
—"Trump: “I will always tell you the truth” up to 30 percent of the time", Daily Kos (August 19, 2024)
我会永远对你说真话。
——“特朗普：‘我会永远对你说真话’，最多30%的时间”，《每日科斯》（2024年8月19日）

Donald Trump: Now, he's supposed to look like Donald Trump, but he's actually much too good looking. [to toddler] You are really handsome... Do you want to go back to [your parents] or do you want to stay with Donald Trump?
Toddler: Trump.
—Little Trump Look-Alike Comes on Stage with Donald in Wilkes-Barre 10/10/16, Right Side Broadcasting, YouTube. Quoted in "Donald Trump Meets His Mini-Me at Pennsylvania Rally" by Dave Quinn, People.com (October 11, 2016).
唐纳德·特朗普：他现在应该长得像唐纳德·特朗普，但实际上他帅得过头了。[对幼儿说] 你真帅……你想回[你父母]身边去，还是想和唐纳德·特朗普待在一起？
幼儿：特朗普。
——2016年10月10日，一个长得像特朗普的小男孩在威尔克斯-巴里和唐纳德一起登台，右侧广播公司，YouTube。引自戴夫·奎因在《唐纳德·特朗普在宾夕法尼亚州集会上遇见他的迷你版》中，People.com（2016年10月11日）。

She didn't know what to do, well how did you get him, uh well uh... they were sent by Russia! You know they're always using Russia
—October 25, 2016 rally in Sanford regarding Donna Brazile
她不知道该怎么办，你是怎么把他弄来的？呃，呃……他们是俄罗斯派来的！你知道他们总是利用俄罗斯。
——2016年10月25日，桑福德关于唐娜·布拉齐尔的集会

There is no global anthem, no global currency, no certificate of global citizenship, we pledge allegiance to one flag and that flag is the American Flag!
—Thank You Tour - Cincinnati, Ohio (1 December 2016)
没有世界通用的国歌，没有世界通用的货币，也没有世界公民的证书，我们宣誓效忠一面旗帜，那就是美国国旗！
——感谢之旅 - 俄亥俄州辛辛那提（2016年12月1日）

Finally, we must think big and dream even bigger. In America, we understand that a nation is only living as long as it is striving. We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action, constantly complaining, but never doing anything about it. The time for empty talk is over. Now arrives the hour of action. Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America. We will not fail. Our country will thrive and prosper again. We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the Earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries, and technologies of tomorrow. A new national pride will stir our souls, lift our sights, and heal our divisions.
—Inaugural address, (January 20, 2017)
最后，我们必须胸怀大志，梦想更大。在美国，我们深知，一个国家只有不断奋斗才能生存。我们不再接受那些光说不练、只会抱怨却从不付诸行动的政客。空谈的时代已经结束。现在是行动的时刻。不要让任何人告诉你这不可能。没有任何挑战能够与美国人民的勇气、斗志和精神相媲美。我们不会失败。我们的国家将再次繁荣昌盛。我们正站在新千年的开端，准备好解开太空的奥秘，让地球摆脱疾病的折磨，并驾驭未来的能源、产业和技术。新的民族自豪感将激励我们的灵魂，提升我们的视野，弥合我们的分歧。
——就职演说（2017年1月20日）

You look at what's happening last night in Sweden. Sweden! Who would believe this, Sweden! They took in large numbers, they're having problems like they never thought possible.
—Trump speaking at mass rally of his supporters in Melbourne, Florida (18 February 2017)
看看昨晚瑞典发生的事。瑞典！谁会相信，瑞典！他们接收了大批难民，现在却面临着他们从未想过的困境。
——特朗普在佛罗里达州墨尔本支持者集会上发表讲话（2017年2月18日）

People don't realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it, why?
—Trump: Why Couldn't the Civil War Have Been Avoided? (May 1, 2017)
你知道，人们没有意识到内战，如果你仔细想想，为什么？
——特朗普：内战为什么无法避免？（2017年5月1日）

You know, I go to Washington and I see all these politicians, and I see the swamp, and it's not a good place, in fact, today I said we ought to change it from the word 'swamp' to the word 'cesspool' or perhaps to the word 'sewer'. But it's not good, not good.
—Trump inspiring young people at the 2017 National Scout Jamboree (24 July 2017)
你知道，我去华盛顿，看到那么多政客，看到一片沼泽，那可不是什么好地方。事实上，今天我说我们应该把“沼泽”这个词改成“污水池”，或者改成“下水道”。但那可不是什么好事，一点也不好。
——特朗普在2017年全国童子军大露营上激励年轻人（2017年7月24日）

The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented. It's that socialism has been faithfully implemented.
—In his first address to the United Nations. (19 September 2017)
委内瑞拉的问题不在于社会主义执行不力，而在于社会主义得到了忠实的执行。
——这是他在联合国的首次讲话。（2017年9月19日）

The only thing you could do better is if you see it, even if it's one player, leave the stadium, I guarantee things will stop. Things will stop. Just pick up and leave. Pick up and leave. Not the same game anymore anyway. Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, you'd say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. Out! He's fired. He's fired!
—Referring at a rally in Huntsville, AL to protests by NFL players against the U.S. flag. Aric Jenkins (22 September 2017), "Donald Trump Called for NFL Players to Be Fired for National Anthem Kneeling — And They Responded", Fortune
你唯一能做的更好的事情就是，如果你看到这种情况，哪怕只有一名球员，离开体育场，我保证一切都会停止。一切都会停止。收拾东西走人就好。收拾东西走人就好。反正这已经不是以前的比赛了。你难道不想看到NFL的老板们，当有人不尊重我们的国旗时，你会说：‘现在就把那个混蛋赶出球场。滚出去！他被解雇了。他被解雇了！’
——指的是在阿拉巴马州亨茨维尔的集会上，NFL球员抗议美国国旗的行为。艾瑞克·詹金斯（2017年9月22日），“唐纳德·特朗普呼吁解雇在奏国歌时下跪的NFL球员——他们做出了回应”，《财富》杂志

Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
—Corey Charlton (8 November 2017), "Donald Trump calls Kim Jong-un ‘short and fat’ and says he’s ‘trying hard to be his friend’", The Sun
我绝不会叫金正恩“又矮又胖”，为什么他会用“老”来侮辱我？唉，我这么努力想和他做朋友——也许有一天真的会的！
——科里·查尔顿（2017年11月8日），“唐纳德·特朗普称金正恩‘又矮又胖’，并表示自己‘正在努力和他做朋友’”，《太阳报》

in recent weeks, two terrorist attacks in New York were made possible by the visa lottery and chain migration
—30 January 2018
最近几周，纽约发生的两起恐怖袭击都是由签证抽签和连锁移民造成的。
——2018年1月30日

What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening
—Quoted by Mahita Gajanan (24 July 2018), "'What You're Seeing... Is Not What's Happening.' People Are Comparing This Trump Quote to George Orwell", Time
你看到的和读到的并非正在发生的事情
——Mahita Gajanan（2018年7月24日）引用，“‘你看到的……并非正在发生的事情。’人们将特朗普的这句名言与乔治·奥威尔的名言相提并论”，《时代》杂志

We're ordering 147 new F-35 Lightning fighters. This is an incredible plane. It's stealth; you can't see it. So when I talk to even people from the other side, they're trying to order our plane. They like the fact that you can't see it. I said, 'How would it do in battle with your plane?' They say, 'Well, we have one problem: We can't see your plane.'
—Quoted by Kyle Mizokami (24 July 2018), "Trump Keeps Saying the F-35 Is Invisible", Popular Mechanics
我们正在订购147架新型F-35“闪电”战斗机。这是一款不可思议的飞机。它具备隐形能力，隐形到你根本看不见。所以，即使我和对方国家的人交谈，他们也都想订购我们的飞机。他们喜欢隐形的设计。我问：“它在与你们的飞机交战时表现如何？”他们回答说：“嗯，我们有一个问题：我们看不见你们的飞机。”
——凯尔·沟上（2018年7月24日）《大众机械》杂志报道，“特朗普一直说F-35隐形”。

They haven't seen anything like what's coming at us in 25, 30 years. Maybe ever. It's tremendously big and tremendously wet. Tremendous amounts of water.
—Trump Says Hurricane Florence Is 'Tremendously Big And Tremendously Wet'
他们已经25年、30年没见过像这次这样的飓风了，或许永远都没见过。它规模巨大，雨量惊人，水量惊人。
——特朗普称飓风佛罗伦萨“规模巨大，雨量惊人”

And you know the interesting? When I did it, and I was really being tough, and so was he, and we were going back and forth, and then we fell in love. OK? No, really. He wrote me beautiful letters. And they're great letters. We fell in love.
—"Trump says he and Kim Jong-un ‘fell in love’ after sending each other ‘beautiful letters’", The Independent (UK), 30 September 2018
你知道有意思的地方吗？我这么做的时候，我很强硬，他也一样，我们来来回回，然后我们就坠入爱河了。懂吗？不，真的。他给我写了漂亮的信。而且都是很棒的信。我们坠入爱河了。
——“特朗普称他和金正恩在互发‘漂亮的信’后‘坠入爱河’”，英国《独立报》，2018年9月30日

Only do it if I can test her personally. That will not be something I enjoy doing either.
—regarding acknowledging Elizabeth Warren as Native American. Amy B Wang and Deanna Paul (15 October 2018), "Trump promised $1 million to charity if Warren proved her Native American DNA. Now he’s waffling.", Washington Post
只有我能亲自测试她才行。那也不是我喜欢做的事。
——关于承认伊丽莎白·沃伦是美国原住民。艾米·B·王和迪安娜·保罗（2018年10月15日），“特朗普承诺，如果沃伦能证明自己有美国原住民的DNA，就向慈善机构捐赠100万美元。现在他却在胡扯。”——《华盛顿邮报》

Are you still a believer in Santa? Because at 7, it's marginal, right?
—To a 7-year-old child, 24 December 2018
你还相信圣诞老人吗？因为七岁的时候，圣诞老人的存在已经很模糊了，对吧？
——2018年12月24日，写给一个7岁的孩子

We have pizzas, we have three-hundred hamburgers, many, many French fries, all of our favourite foods.
I want to see what's here when we leave, because I don't think it's going to be much.
If it's American, I like it. It's all American stuff.
—14 January 2019 quote mentioned in article by BBC
我们有披萨，有三百个汉堡，还有许许多多的炸薯条，所有我们最爱的食物。
我想看看我们离开的时候这里有什么，因为我觉得不会有太多。
只要是美国的，我就喜欢。全都是美国货。
——2019年1月14日，BBC文章引用

Do we give you some little quick salads that the first lady will make, along with the second lady — they’ll make some salads.
I said you guys aren’t into salads.
Or do I go out and send out for about one-thousand hamburgers?
Big Macs.
So we actually did.
We bought one-thousand Burger King.
All American companies.
Burger King, Wendy’s and McDonald’s.
—14 January 2019 quote mentioned in article by Rolling Stone
要不要我们给你们一些第一夫人做的快餐沙拉，第二夫人也会做——她们也会做沙拉。
我说你们不喜欢沙拉。
或者我出去买一千个汉堡？
巨无霸。
我们真的这么做了。
我们收购了一千家汉堡王。
所有美国公司。
汉堡王、温迪和麦当劳。
——2019年1月14日《滚石》杂志文章中引用

Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers lat night at the White House.
Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid),
Within one hour, it was all gone.
Great guys and big eaters!
over 1000 hamberders etc.
—15 January 2019 tweet
很高兴昨晚在白宫与全国冠军克莱姆森大学老虎队见面。
因为政府停摆，我给他们送了一大堆快餐（我付了钱），
不到一个小时就全部吃光了。
他们人真好，饭量也大！
超过1000名火腿爱好者等等。
——2019年1月15日推文

Hello, everybody. The economic numbers just came out; they're very, very good. Our country is doing unbelievably well, economically. Most of you don't report that, because it doesn't sound good from your perspective. But the country is doing really, really well. We have a lot of very exciting things going on. A lot of companies will be announcing shortly they're moving back into the United States. They're all coming back. They want to be where the action is.
—5 April 2019
大家好。经济数据刚刚公布，非常非常好。我们国家的经济状况好得令人难以置信。你们大多数人没有报告这一点，因为从你们的角度来看，这听起来不太好。但这个国家确实发展得非常好。我们有很多令人兴奋的事情正在发生。很多公司很快就会宣布他们将迁回美国。他们都回来了。他们想去那些经济繁荣的地方。
—2019年4月5日

They have to get the shots. The vaccinations are so important. This is really going around now. They have to get their shots.
—Reported in Maegan Vazquez, "Trump now says parents must vaccinate children in face of measles outbreak", CNN (April 26, 2019).
他们必须接种疫苗。疫苗接种非常重要。现在情况真的很糟糕。他们必须接种疫苗。
——梅根·巴斯克斯报道，“特朗普现在表示，面对麻疹疫情，父母必须给孩子接种疫苗”，CNN（2019年4月26日）。

You’re talking about Vietnam and at that time nobody had ever heard of the country
—Trump was describing the US knowledge about Vietnam in 1968, when about one half million US troops were stationed in Vietnam, as quoted in "Trump says was 'never a fan' of Vietnam War, and that Americans hadn't heard of country in 1968". Japan Times. 2019-06-05.
你说的是越南，而当时还没有人听说过这个国家。
——特朗普描述的是1968年美国对越南的了解，当时约有50万美军驻扎在越南。引自《日本时报》，“特朗普称自己‘从来都不是’越南战争的粉丝，而且美国人在1968年根本没听说过这个国家”。2019年6月5日。

To all of our friends and partners: Our cherished alliance was forged in the heat of battle, tested in the trials of war, and proven in the blessings of peace. Our bond is unbreakable.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
致我们所有的朋友和伙伴：我们珍视的联盟在激战中铸就，在战争的考验中经受考验，在和平的祝福中得到印证。我们的纽带牢不可破。
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念致辞。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

From across the Earth, Americans are drawn to this place as though it were a part of our very soul. We come not only because of what they did here, we come because of who they were. They were young men with their entire lives before them. They were husbands who said goodbye to their young brides and took their duty as their fate. They were fathers who would never meet their infant sons and daughters because they had a job to do. And with God as their witness, they were going to get it done. They came wave after wave, without question, without hesitation, and without complaint.
—Remarks on the 75th Anniversary of D-Day in Colleville-sur-Mer, France. Transcript (June 6, 2016)
来自世界各地的美国人被吸引到这里，仿佛这里就是我们灵魂的一部分。我们来到这里，不仅因为他们在这里的功绩，更因为他们是这样的一个人。他们是充满希望的青年；他们是告别年轻新娘、肩负起责任的丈夫；他们是永远不愿与襁褓中的儿女相见的父亲，因为他们有工作要做。上帝作证，他们一定会完成任务。他们一波又一波地来到这里，毫无疑虑，毫无犹豫，也毫无怨言。
——法国滨海科勒维尔诺曼底登陆75周年纪念致辞。文字记录（2016年6月6日）

The kidney has a very special place in the heart.
—11 July 2019
肾脏在心脏中占据着非常特殊的位置。
——2019年7月11日

These people [Democrats] are clowns
—from the White House on July 26 (video)
这些人（民主党人）都是小丑
——7月26日白宫报道（视频）

I always look orange. And so do you. The light is the worst.
—Trump complained about energy-saving light bulbs, quoted by Elliot Hannon (24 September 2019), Trump on Why He Doesn’t Like Energy-Efficient Lightbulbs: “I Always Look Orange”
我看起来总是橙色的。你也一样。灯光最糟糕了。
——特朗普抱怨节能灯泡，引自埃利奥特·汉农（2019年9月24日），特朗普解释他为什么不喜欢节能灯泡：“我看起来总是橙色的”

I don't want to say how, but we had absolutely perfect -- as though you were watching a movie. It was -- that -- that in -- the technology there alone is -- is really great.
—27 October 2019
我不想说具体是怎么做到的，但我们感觉非常完美——就像在看电影一样。那——那——那——单是技术本身就非常棒。
——2019年10月27日

So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta, Chill!
—Trump was commenting on the Swedish school pupil and climate activist Greta Thunberg after she was named Time’s Person of the Year for 2019, as quoted by Reuters staff (6 December 2019), "Climate activist Thunberg hits back at Trump over anger management taunt", Reuters
太荒唐了。格蕾塔必须解决她的愤怒管理问题，然后和朋友去看一部经典老电影！冷静点，格蕾塔，冷静点！
——特朗普在瑞典小学生、气候活动家格蕾塔·通贝里被《时代》杂志评为2019年度人物后，对她进行了评论。路透社工作人员（2019年12月6日）称，“气候活动家通贝里回击特朗普对她愤怒管理的嘲讽”，路透社

My administration will never stop fighting for Americans of faith
—At a rally for evangelicals earlier in 2020 according to Trump Secretly Mocks His Christian Supporters September 29, 2020
我的政府永远不会停止为有信仰的美国人而战
——据特朗普在2020年初的一场福音派集会上所说，他暗中嘲讽他的基督教支持者，2020年9月29日

During National African American History Month, we honor the extraordinary contributions made by African Americans throughout the history of our Republic
—31 January 2020. reposted 28 February 2020 by CFTC
在全国非裔美国人历史月期间，我们向非裔美国人在我们共和国历史上做出的杰出贡献致敬。
——2020年1月31日。CFTC 于2020年2月28日转发

It's going to disappear. One day it's like a miracle, it will disappear. And from our shores, we — you know, it could get worse before it gets better. It could maybe go away. We'll see what happens. Nobody really knows.
—Regarding coronavirus. African American History Month reception, White House, 2020-02-27, quoted in Yasmeen Abutaleb, Ashley Parker and Josh Dawsey (29 February 2020), "Inside Trump’s frantic attempts to minimize the coronavirus crisis", Washington Post. Video of the event available at cspan
它会消失的。总有一天，就像奇迹一样，它会消失。而从我们的海岸来看，你知道，情况可能会先恶化，然后才会好转。它或许会自行消失。我们拭目以待。没有人真正知道。
——关于新冠病毒。非裔美国人历史月招待会，白宫，2020年2月27日，引自Yasmeen Abutaleb、Ashley Parker和Josh Dawsey（2020年2月29日），《深入特朗普为淡化新冠病毒危机而做出的疯狂尝试》，《华盛顿邮报》。活动视频可在cspan观看。

But as of right now and yesterday, anybody that needs a test — That's the important thing. And the tests are all perfect. Like, the letter was perfect. The transcription was perfect. Right? This was not as perfect as that but pretty good.
—Comparing coronavirus tests to his Ukraine phone call that led to his impeachment. during tour of Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, 2020-03-06, quoted in Chas Danner (6 March 2020), "Trump Says Coronavirus Testing Is as ‘Perfect’ as His Ukraine Call", New York
但截至目前和昨天，任何需要检测的人——这才是最重要的。而且所有检测结果都很完美。比如，那封信是完美的。抄录也是完美的。对吧？这虽然没有那么完美，但也相当不错了。
——将新冠病毒检测结果与他导致弹劾的乌克兰通话进行比较。2020年3月6日，在亚特兰大疾病控制与预防中心视察期间，引自查斯·丹纳（2020年3月6日），“特朗普称新冠病毒检测与他与乌克兰的通话一样‘完美’”，纽约

They would like to have the people come off. I'd rather have the people stay, but I'd go with them. I told them to make the final decision. I would rather — because I like the numbers being where they are. I don't need to have the numbers double because of one ship that wasn't our fault.
—regarding Grand Princess cruise ship with 21 diagnosed cases of coronavirus. during tour of Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, 2020-03-06, quoted in Peter Baker (6 March 2020), "Trump Says ‘People Have to Remain Calm’ Amid Coronavirus Outbreak", New York Times
他们希望人们撤离。我宁愿人们留下，但我会和他们一起走。我告诉他们自己做最终决定。我宁愿——因为我喜欢数字保持现状。我不希望因为一艘不是我们错的船而让数字翻倍。
——关于至尊公主号邮轮确诊21例新冠病毒病例。2020年3月6日，在亚特兰大疾病控制与预防中心视察期间，彼得·贝克（2020年3月6日）引用，《纽约时报》：“特朗普称‘人们在新冠病毒爆发期间必须保持冷静’”

Respirators, ventilators, all of the equipment—try getting it yourselves. We will be backing you, but try getting it yourselves. Point of sales, much better, much more direct if you can get it yourself.
—Call with governors, quoted in The New York Times staff (16 March 2020), "Trump tells governors to seek out respirators and other vital equipment on their own.", The New York Times
呼吸机、呼吸机，所有设备——试着自己去弄吧。我们会支持你们，但你们自己去弄吧。如果你们自己能弄到，去销售点会更好，更直接。
——《纽约时报》员工（2020年3月16日）与州长们通话，“特朗普告诉州长们自己寻找呼吸机和其他重要设备。”，《纽约时报》

We're opening up this incredible country. Because we have to do that. I'd love to have it open by Easter. I would love to have it opened by Easter. It's such an important day for other reasons, but I will make it an important day for this, too. I would love to have the country opened up and just rarin' to go by Easter.
—Fox News town hall, 2020-03-24
我们正在开放这个不可思议的国家。因为我们必须这么做。我希望在复活节前开放。我希望在复活节前开放。复活节之所以如此重要，还有其他原因，但我也会让它成为这个国家的重要一天。我希望这个国家在复活节前开放，并且迫不及待地想要开放。
——福克斯新闻市政厅，2020年3月24日

Speaker to Anthony Fauci: And would you also weigh in on this issue of hydroxychloroquine? What do you think about this and what is the medical evidence?
Donald Trump: You know how many times he’s answered that question?
Speaker: I’d love to hear from the doctor.
Donald Trump: Maybe 15. 15 times. You don’t have to ask the question.
Speaker: He’s your medical expert, correct?
Donald Trump: He answered that question 15 times.
—On using the drug as treatment for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Coronavirus Task Force Briefing (April 5, 2020). Transcript at Rev
发言人问安东尼·福奇：您也想谈谈羟氯喹的问题吗？您对此有何看法？医学证据又是什么？
唐纳德·特朗普：您知道他回答过这个问题多少次了吗？
发言人：我很想听听医生的意见。
唐纳德·特朗普：也许15次吧。15次。您不必问这个问题。
发言人：他是您的医学专家，对吧？
唐纳德·特朗普：他回答了15次这个问题。
——关于使用该药物治疗2019冠状病毒病（COVID-19）。冠状病毒工作组简报（2020年4月5日）。Rev. 记录

And then I see the disinfectant where it knocks it out in a minute. One minute.
And is there a way we can do something like that, by injection inside or almost a cleaning?
Because, you see, it gets on the lungs, and it does a tremendous number on the lungs.
So it'd be interesting to check that.
So that you're going to have to use medical doctors, but it sounds — it sounds interesting to me.
Note: Trump's Food and Drug Administration specifically warned against drinking the chemicals in disinfectants, noting that consumption of such products "can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and symptoms of severe dehydration."
—Quoted by Jan C. Timm (23 April 2020), "'It's irresponsible and it's dangerous': Experts rip Trump's idea of injecting disinfectant to treat COVID-19", NBC News. despite this, Biden in July 2020 misquoted Trump as advocating drinking bleach
然后我看到消毒剂，它一分钟就能把病毒消灭掉。一分钟。
我们有没有办法做到这一点，比如通过注射到体内，或者几乎是清洁？
因为，你知道，它会进入肺部，对肺部造成巨大的损害。
所以验证一下会很有趣。
所以你得去看医生，但这听起来——听起来对我来说很有趣。
注：特朗普的食品药品监督管理局特别警告不要饮用消毒剂中的化学物质，并指出食用此类产品“会导致恶心、呕吐、腹泻和严重脱水症状”。
——Jan C. Timm（2020年4月23日）引述，“‘这是不负责任的，而且很危险’：专家抨击特朗普注射消毒剂治疗新冠肺炎的想法”，NBC新闻。尽管如此，拜登在2020年7月错误地引用了特朗普的话，称他提倡饮用漂白剂。

These are very good people, but they are angry.
—Trump described armed demonstrators who stormed the state Capitol in Michigan, as quoted by Travis Gettys (1 May 2020), "Trump urges Michigan governor to give in to ‘very good people’ who stormed statehouse with guns", Rawstory
这些人都是非常好的人，但他们很愤怒。
——特朗普这样描述冲击密歇根州议会大厦的武装示威者，引自特拉维斯·盖蒂斯（2020年5月1日）的报道，“特朗普敦促密歇根州州长向持枪冲击州议会大厦的‘非常好的人’屈服”，Rawstory

We will be AIDS-free within 8 years. We started, 10 years. Should've started in the previous administration. They did nothing. It started at my administration.
—As quoted by Daniel Dale (3 May 2020), "Fact check: Trump peppers Fox News town hall with false claims on coronavirus and other topics", CNN
我们将在8年内消除艾滋病。我们花了10年时间才开始。上届政府就应该开始。他们什么也没做。这始于我的政府。
——丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年5月3日）CNN报道，“事实核查：特朗普在福克斯新闻市政厅会议上就新冠病毒和其他话题发表虚假声明”

If people want to get tested, they get tested.
—Quoted in By Daniel Dale, David Wright, Arman Azad, Holmes Lybrand (11 May 2020), "Fact check: Trump falsely claims, again, that anybody who wants a test can get one", CNN
如果人们想接受检测，就去做检测。
——引自丹尼尔·戴尔、大卫·赖特、阿尔曼·阿扎德和霍姆斯·莱布兰德（2020年5月11日），“事实核查：特朗普再次谎称任何想接受检测的人都可以接受检测”，CNN

Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better, going down almost everywhere.
—Quoted in Steve Benen (11 May 2020), "Trump points to 'the numbers,' which don't say what he thinks they say", MSNBC
新冠病毒感染人数看起来好多了，几乎所有地方都在下降。
——引自史蒂夫·贝宁（2020年5月11日）的报道，“特朗普指出‘数字’与他所想的并不相符”，MSNBC

We have to close the country. And I said, say it again. They said, sir, you have to close the country. Nobody ever heard of a thing like this but they were right because if I didn't we would have lost two million, two and a half million, maybe more than that people.
—Quoted by Chris Cillizza (11 May 2020), "Why Donald Trump's idea that he saved millions of lives is laughable", CNN
我们必须封锁国家。我说，再说一遍。他们说，先生，你必须封锁国家。没人听说过这样的事，但他们说得对，因为如果我不封锁，我们就会损失两百万、两百五十万，甚至更多。
——克里斯·西利扎（2020年5月11日）CNN报道，“唐纳德·特朗普自称拯救了数百万人的生命，这太可笑了”

If we didn’t do any testing, we would have very few cases
—As quoted in Aaron Rupar (16 May 2020), "Trump seems to think there’d be no coronavirus if there was no testing. It doesn’t work like that.", VOX
如果我们不做任何检测，病例就会很少。
——引自 Aaron Rupar（2020年5月16日）的文章：“特朗普似乎认为，如果没有检测，就不会出现新冠病毒。这根本行不通。”, VOX

And, you know, when you say “per capita,” there’s many per capitas. It’s, like, per capita relative to what? But you can look at just about any category, and we’re really at the top, meaning positive on a per capita basis, too. They’ve done a great job.
—Quoted in Kim LaCapria (20 May 2020), "Did Trump Say There Are ‘Many Per Capitas’ During a COVID-19 Discussion?", TruthOrFiction.com
而且，你知道，你说的“人均”指的是很多。这是指人均相对于什么？但你可以看看几乎任何类别，我们确实处于领先地位，这意味着人均数据也呈正增长。他们做得很好。
——引自 Kim LaCapria（2020年5月20日），“特朗普在新冠疫情讨论中说过‘人均’很多吗？”，TruthOrFiction.com

I was honored five years ago, ‘man of the year’ in Michigan.
—Robert Farley (22 May 2020), "Trump’s Dubious Michigan ‘Man of the Year’ Boast", FactCheck.org
五年前，我被授予密歇根州“年度人物”的殊荣。
——罗伯特·法利（2020年5月22日），“特朗普关于密歇根州‘年度人物’的可疑吹嘘”，FactCheck.org

Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!
—2 June 2020 tweet quoted 8 June 2020 by US News
华盛顿特区昨晚是世界上最安全的地方！
——2020年6月2日推文，美国新闻与世界报道2020年6月8日引用

We have -- consumer confidence has risen 12 points since April, an all-time high. Think of that.
—Untrue claim, quoted by Daniel Dale (9 July 2020), "Fact check: Exaggerating again, Trump claims four non-record economic figures are records", CNN
我们已经——消费者信心自4月份以来上升了12个百分点，创历史新高。想想看。
——不实说法，引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年7月9日），“事实核查：特朗普再次夸大其词，声称四个非创纪录的经济数据是创纪录的”，CNN

We've done much better than most. And with the fatality rate at a lower rate than most, it's something that we can talk about.
—As quoted by "AP FACT CHECK: A More Measured Trump Doesn't Mean Accurate", VOA, 21 July 2020
我们比大多数国家做得好得多。而且死亡率也低于大多数国家，这是我们可以谈论的事情。
——摘自美国之音，2020年7月21日，题为“美联社事实核查：特朗普更谨慎并不意味着准确”

Well, you see something that looks good and you don’t investigate it.
—Trump was describing his habit of retweeting content that has sometimes been odd, as quoted by Ariel Zilber (22 July 2020), "Donald Trump admits he regrets his tweets 'too often', says his retweets 'get him in trouble' and reminisces about the 'old days when you could write a letter and let it sit for a day'", DailyMail
嗯，你看到一些看起来不错的东西，却不去调查。
——特朗普描述了他转发推文的习惯，这些推文有时会显得有些奇怪。据阿里尔·齐尔伯（Ariel Zilber）在2020年7月22日报道，“唐纳德·特朗普承认他‘太频繁’后悔自己的推文，说他的转发‘给他带来了麻烦’，并回忆起‘以前你可以写封信，然后把它放一天’的日子”，《每日邮报》

So it sort of is curious. A man works for us, with us, very closely, Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx also, very highly thought of -- and yet, they're highly thought of, but nobody likes me? It can only be my personality, that's all.
—As quoted by Kevin Liptak (28 July 2020), "'Nobody likes me': Trump ponders pandemic popularity of Fauci and Birx", CNN
所以这有点奇怪。一个为我们工作、与我们关系密切的人，福奇博士和伯克斯博士也都备受推崇——然而，他们的确备受推崇，却没人喜欢我？这只能是我的性格问题，仅此而已。
——凯文·利普塔克（2020年7月28日）CNN报道，“‘没人喜欢我’：特朗普反思福奇和伯克斯在疫情期间的人气”

You can look at large portions of our country, it's corona-free.
—As quoted by Holmes Lybrand, Tara Subramaniam, Nathan McDermott and Em Steck (28 July 2020), "Fact check: Trump falsely says 'large portions' of the US are 'corona-free,' repeats claim that protests are leading to rising cases", CNN
看看我们国家的大部分地区，那里没有新冠病毒感染病例。
——Holmes Lybrand、Tara Subramaniam、Nathan McDermott 和 Em Steck（2020 年 7 月 28 日）报道，“事实核查：特朗普谎称美国‘大部分地区’没有新冠病毒感染病例，并重复声称抗议活动导致病例上升”，CNN

Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues & Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it!
—Tweet 28 July 2020
任何破坏或损毁波特兰联邦法院或任何州或市内联邦建筑的无政府主义者、煽动者或抗议者，都将根据我们最近重新颁布的《雕像与纪念碑法》受到起诉。最低刑期十年。切勿这样做！
——2020年7月28日推文

Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!
—As quoted by Calvin Woodward (29 July 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump’s election agitations and distortions", Seattle Times
必须在选举当晚就知晓选举结果，而不是几天、几个月甚至几年之后！
——卡尔文·伍德沃德（2020年7月29日）在《西雅图时报》发表文章《美联社事实核查：特朗普的选举煽动和扭曲》

Young people are almost immune to this disease.
—As quoted by Jessie Hellman (30 July 2020), "Trump says he can't assure school safety amid pandemic: 'Can you assure anybody of anything?'", The Hill
年轻人几乎对这种疾病免疫。
——杰西·赫尔曼（2020年7月30日）在《国会山报》撰文：“特朗普称他无法保证疫情期间学校安全：‘你能保证任何事吗？’”

When you see the Drug Companies taking massive television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG.
—As quoted by Hope Yen and Calvin Woodward (2 August 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump hype on drug costs, hydroxychloroquine", APNEWS
当你看到制药公司在电视上大肆宣传针对我时，别在意他们说了什么（那些都是假话），你知道药价正在大幅下降。
——Hope Yen 和 Calvin Woodward（2020 年 8 月 2 日）在《美联社事实核查：特朗普大肆宣传药价和羟氯喹》APNEWS 上撰文

They are dying. That's true. And you -- it is what it is. But that doesn't mean we aren't doing everything we can. It's under control as much as you can control it. This is a horrible plague that beset us.
—As quoted by Stephen Collinson (3 August 2020), "Trump spinning virus failure as a win again by celebrating 'encouraging' progress", CNN
他们正在死去。这是事实。而你们——情况就是这样。但这并不意味着我们没有竭尽所能。疫情尽在掌握，正如你们所能控制它一样。这是一场席卷我们的可怕瘟疫。
——引自斯蒂芬·科林森（2020年8月3日），“特朗普再次将抗击病毒的失败渲染为胜利，庆祝‘令人鼓舞的’进展”，CNN

I don't know. I really don't know. I don't know. I don't know John Lewis. He chose not to come to my inauguration. He chose -- I don't -- I never met John Lewis actually, I don't believe.
—Trump was responding to how civil rights icon John Lewis will be remembered, as quoted by Tyler Olson (3 August 2020), "Trump withholds praise for John Lewis, notes he 'didn't come to my inauguration'", Fox News
我不知道。我真的不知道。我不知道。我不认识约翰·刘易斯。他选择不来参加我的就职典礼。他选择——我不——我实际上从未见过约翰·刘易斯，我不这么认为。
——特朗普是在回应民权偶像约翰·刘易斯将如何被铭记，正如泰勒·奥尔森（2020年8月3日）所言，“特朗普不愿赞扬约翰·刘易斯，并指出他‘没有来参加我的就职典礼’”，福克斯新闻

When I took over we didn't even have a test.
—Trump pointed out that in 2017, there was no test for the coronavirus that emerged in 2019, as quoted by Steve Benen (3 August 2020), "Trump points to imagined 'manuals' to argue against virus tests", MSNBC
我接任时，我们甚至连病毒检测都没有。
——特朗普指出，2017 年根本没有针对 2019 年出现的新冠病毒的检测方法。据史蒂夫·贝宁 (Steve Benen) 2020 年 8 月 3 日报道，“特朗普援引虚构的‘手册’来反对病毒检测”，MSNBC

Nasty
Horrible
Person who has told many many stories that weren't true
Extraordinarily nasty
Nasty to a level that was just a horrible thing
Very very nasty to Joe Biden
Probably nastier even than Pocahontas
Meanest, most horrible, most disrespectful of anybody in the U.S. Senate.
—On Kamala Harris, as quoted by Andrew Solender (11 August 2020), "Trump Repeatedly Calls Kamala Harris ‘Nasty’ And ‘Horrible’ In White House Briefing", Forbes
卑鄙
可怕
编造了太多不实故事的人
极其卑鄙
卑鄙到简直是可怕的地步
对乔·拜登极其卑鄙
甚至可能比《风中奇缘》还要卑鄙
美国参议院中最卑鄙、最可怕、最无礼的人。
——关于卡玛拉·哈里斯，引自安德鲁·索伦德（2020年8月11日），“特朗普在白宫简报会上多次称卡玛拉·哈里斯‘卑鄙’和‘可怕’”，《福布斯》

Leave Democrat cities. Let them rot.
—Retweeted by Trump, as quoted by James Gordon (16 August 2020), "'Let them rot!': Trump retweets supporter's message calling for Democrat-led cities such as NYC and Chicago to be abandoned - along with a video of protesters threatening drivers in Manhattan", CNN
离开民主党控制的城市。让它们腐烂吧。
——特朗普转发，詹姆斯·戈登（2020年8月16日）引用，“‘让它们腐烂吧！’：特朗普转发支持者呼吁放弃纽约和芝加哥等民主党控制的城市的推文，并附上一段抗议者在曼哈顿威胁司机的视频”，CNN

New Zealand, by the way, had a big outbreak
—Said about the Covid-19 virus, which at that time had caused the death of a total of 22 persons in New Zealand. Quoted by Daniel Dale (18 August 2020), "Fact check: Trump says New Zealand has had a 'big outbreak.' It reported 5 new cases on Thursday", CNN
顺便说一句，新西兰疫情严重。
——关于当时已导致新西兰22人死亡的新冠肺炎病毒。引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年8月18日）的CNN报道：“事实核查：特朗普称新西兰‘疫情严重’。周四报告了5例新增病例。”

The entire city is ablaze all the time.
—Claimed about Portland, as quoted by By Daniel Dale, Tara Subramaniam, Holmes Lybrand (1 September 2020), "Fact check: Trump makes more false claims about Biden and protests", CNN
整座城市始终火光冲天。
——关于波特兰的报道，引自丹尼尔·戴尔、塔拉·苏布拉马尼亚姆和霍姆斯·莱布兰德（2020年9月1日），“事实核查：特朗普对拜登和抗议活动做出更多虚假指控”，CNN

CNN reported that I had a heart attack.
—Claimed as quoted by Brian Stelter (3 September 2020), "Even Fox News is choosing not to cover Trump's rallies in full, but his falsehoods are still eye-popping", CNN
CNN报道称我心脏病发作。
——据布莱恩·斯特尔特（2020年9月3日）称，“就连福克斯新闻也选择不全面报道特朗普的集会，但他的谎言仍然令人瞠目结舌”，CNN

Hospitalizations and deaths have declined radically over the past week.
—Claimed about the Covid-19 pandemic, as quoted by Brian Stelter (3 September 2020), "Even Fox News is choosing not to cover Trump's rallies in full, but his falsehoods are still eye-popping", CNN
过去一周，住院人数和死亡人数急剧下降。
——关于新冠疫情，布莱恩·斯特尔特（2020年9月3日）称，“就连福克斯新闻也选择不全面报道特朗普的集会，但他的谎言仍然令人瞠目结舌”，CNN

Under Operation Warp Speed, we've pioneered groundbreaking therapies, reducing the fatality rate 85% since April.
We're way ahead on the nuclear front. We've upgraded our nuclear.
When reports come out that certain countries don't really like me too much, that's not because of my personality, although it could be that also, frankly.
—Quoted in Chris Cillizza (8 September 2020), "The 37 most absurd lines from Donald Trump's Labor Day 'news conference'", CNN
在“曲速行动”下，我们开创了突破性的疗法，自4月以来将死亡率降低了85%。
我们在核领域遥遥领先。我们已经升级了我们的核武器。
当有报道称某些国家不太喜欢我时，这并不是因为我的性格，尽管坦率地说，也可能是因为我性格。
——引自克里斯·西利扎（2020年9月8日），“唐纳德·特朗普劳动节‘新闻发布会’中最荒谬的37句话”，CNN

Tell your governor to open up your state
—On September 14, 2020, in front of hundreds of supporters packed together, according to Nevada Governor Steve Sisolak says Trump took 'reckless and selfish actions' by holding indoor rally
告诉你的州长，让你的州开放
——2020年9月14日，在数百名支持者的见证下，内华达州州长史蒂夫·西索拉克表示，特朗普举行室内集会是“鲁莽和自私的行为”。

I don't think science knows, actually.
It'll start getting cooler. You just watch.
—Trump described his stance on climate science and global warming, as quoted in Maegan Vazquez (14 September 2020), "Trump baselessly questions climate science during California wildfire briefing", CNN
事实上，我认为科学也不知道答案。
天气会越来越冷。你等着瞧吧。
——特朗普阐述了他对气候科学和全球变暖的立场，引自梅根·巴斯克斯（2020年9月14日），“特朗普在加州山火简报会上毫无根据地质疑气候科学”，CNN

Nobody knew the seniors are susceptible
—Claimed about the coronavirus, as quoted in Daniel Dale (16 September 2020), "Fact check: Trump made at least 22 false or misleading claims at ABC town hall", CNN
没人知道老年人容易感染病毒
——关于新冠病毒的说法，引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年9月16日）的文章《事实核查：特朗普在ABC市政厅会议上至少提出了22项虚假或误导性言论》，CNN

We’re on track to deliver and distribute the vaccine in a very, very safe and effective manner. We think we can start sometime in October. So as soon as it is announced, we’ll be able to start. That’ll be from mid-October on. It may be a little bit later than that, but we’ll be all set.
—Quoted in Jessica McDonald (16 September 2020), "Trump Again Overstates Speed of COVID-19 Vaccine Rollout", FactCheck.org
我们正以非常安全有效的方式交付和分发疫苗。我们认为可以在10月份的某个时候开始。所以，一旦宣布，我们就能开始。时间大概在10月中旬。可能比这稍晚一些，但我们已经准备好了。
——摘自杰西卡·麦克唐纳（2020年9月16日），“特朗普再次夸大新冠疫苗推出的速度”，FactCheck.org

As soon as the FDA approves the vaccine... we’ll be able to distribute 100 million doses by the end of 2020 and a large number much sooner than that
—Quoted in Reuters staff (16 September 2020), "Trump says U.S. could distribute at least 100 million COVID vaccine doses by end of 2020", Reuters
一旦FDA批准疫苗……我们将能够在2020年底前分发1亿剂疫苗，并且大量疫苗的分发时间会比这更快。
——路透社员工（2020年9月16日）报道，“特朗普称美国有望在2020年底前分发至少1亿剂新冠疫苗”，路透社

You saw what happened in Pennsylvania. Some state Supreme Court justice just ruled that they can take as long as they want to count the ballots. That means I’ll be leading and winning Pennsylvania like we did last time. Yeah, yeah. We’ll be leading, we’ll be winning Pennsylvania. We’re going to win it easy.
—Quoted in Rem Rieder (16 September 2020), "Trump’s False Statement About Counting Ballots in Pennsylvania", FactCheck.org
你们看到了宾夕法尼亚州发生的事情。某位州最高法院法官刚刚裁定，他们可以想花多长时间来计票。这意味着我将像上次一样在宾夕法尼亚州领先并获胜。是的，是的。我们将领先，我们将赢得宾夕法尼亚州。我们将轻松取胜。
——摘自雷姆·里德（2020年9月16日），“特朗普关于宾夕法尼亚州计票的虚假声明”，FactCheck.org

I said, ‘Shinzo, please do me a favor, we need more car companies. ... We want them built here, not in Japan, please.’ He said, ‘But we cannot do that, this is a free enterprise system.’ I said, ‘... Please, I need some car companies.’ ... I said, ‘Shinzo, you have to do it.’ Next day, it was the story: ‘Five car companies opened up in Michigan.‘
—Claimed as quoted in Hope Yen, Calvin Woodward, Tom Krisher (21 September 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump’s made-up car plants, court revisionism", AP
我说：“晋三，请帮我个忙，我们需要更多汽车公司……我们希望它们建在国内，而不是日本，拜托了。” 他说：“但我们不能这么做，这是一个自由企业制度。” 我说：“……拜托，我需要一些汽车公司。” 我说：“晋三，你必须这么做。” 第二天，新闻是这样的：“五家汽车公司在密歇根州开业。”
——据 Hope Yen、Calvin Woodward 和 Tom Krisher（2020 年 9 月 21 日）报道，“美联社事实核查：特朗普虚构的汽车工厂，法院修正主义”，美联社

I saved it. I put our miners back to work.
—Claimed about the US coal mining industry, as quoted in Daniel Dale (21 September 2020), "Fact check: Trump makes false claims about his record on manufacturing and coal jobs", CNN
我拯救了它。我让矿工们重返工作岗位。
——关于美国煤炭矿业的言论，引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年9月21日），“事实核查：特朗普就其在制造业和煤炭就业方面的记录做出虚假陈述”，CNN

Drug prices will be coming down 80 or 90 percent.
It's a rigged election.
—Claimed as quoted in AP staff (30 September 2020), "Fact check: False claims flood Trump-Biden debate", MPR news
药品价格将下降80%或90%。
这是一场被操纵的选举。
——据美联社工作人员（2020年9月30日）报道，“事实核查：虚假信息充斥特朗普-拜登辩论”，MPR新闻

OUR GREAT USA WANTS & NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!
—via tweet on October 3, 2020
我们伟大的美国渴望并需要刺激计划。携手合作，共同完成。谢谢！
——2020年10月3日推文

When I see thousands of ballots dumped in a garbage can and they happen to have my name on it? I’m not happy about it.
—Claimed as quoted by Calvin Woodward, Hope Yen (17 October 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump sees what others do not in the pandemic", AP News
当我看到成千上万张选票被扔进垃圾桶，而上面恰好写着我的名字时，我感到很不高兴。
——据 Calvin Woodward 和 Hope Yen 报道（2020 年 10 月 17 日），“美联社事实核查：特朗普在疫情中看到了别人看不到的东西”，美联社新闻

Lock'em all up.
—Said about an undefined group of people, as quoted by Daniel Dale (26 October 2020), "Fact check: Trump makes at least 16 false or misleading claims to '60 Minutes'", CNN
把他们都关起来。
——此言针对的是一群未定义的人群，引自丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年10月26日），“事实核查：特朗普对《60分钟》节目至少提出了16条虚假或误导性言论”，CNN

We’re rounding the turn,our numbers are incredible.
—at a rally on October 26, 2020 according to 89,000 new Covid-19 cases per day. And the worst may be yet to come.
我们正在迎来转机，我们的数字令人难以置信。
——2020年10月26日的一场集会上，根据每日新增8.9万例新冠肺炎病例的数据。最糟糕的情况可能还在后头。

The only thing you can do in Pennsylvania is a protest. You can't go to church. You can't pray to your God. You can't be with your pastors, your priests, your rabbis. You can't be -- none of that. You can't do anything
—Claimed as quoted by Daniel Dale (27 October 2020), "Fact check: Trump falsely claims Pennsylvanians 'can't go to church'", CNN
在宾夕法尼亚州，你唯一能做的就是抗议。你不能去教堂。你不能向你的上帝祈祷。你不能和你的牧师、神父、拉比在一起。你什么都不能做。你什么都做不了。
——据丹尼尔·戴尔（2020年10月27日）报道，“事实核查：特朗普谎称宾夕法尼亚人‘不能去教堂’”，CNN

I WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT!
—7 November 2020
我赢了这次选举，赢面很大！
——2020年11月

You wouldn’t have vaccine if it weren’t for me, for another four years.
—Claimed, without evidence, as quoted by Rachel Olding (20 November 2020), "Trump Suggests Vaccine Companies Orchestrated Revenge-Filled Conspiracy to Make Him Lose", Daily Beast
如果不是我，你们四年内都不会有疫苗。
——Rachel Olding（2020年11月20日）援引的未提供证据的声称，“特朗普暗示疫苗公司精心策划了一场充满报复的阴谋，让他输掉大选”，《每日野兽》

Specific allegations were made, and we have massive proof, in the Pennsylvania case. Some people just don’t want to see it. They want nothing to do with saving our Country. Sad!!!
—Tweet posted November 28, 2020
在宾夕法尼亚州的案件中，我们提出了具体的指控，并且掌握了大量证据。有些人就是不想看到这些。他们根本不想参与拯救我们的国家。真可悲！！！
——2020年11月28日发布的推文

Who needs Democrats when you have Republicans like Brian Kemp and Doug Ducey?
—Quoted by Caroline Kelly, Alison Main (30 November 2020), "Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey defends election process after Trump attack", CNN
有了布莱恩·坎普和道格·杜西这样的共和党人，谁还需要民主党人呢？
——卡罗琳·凯利、艾莉森·梅恩（2020年11月30日）报道，“亚利桑那州州长道格·杜西在特朗普攻击后为选举程序辩护”，CNN

Actually, I won Wisconsin.
—Claimed, without evidence, as quoted by D.L. Davis, Politifact (5 December 2020), "Fact check: Among baseless claims of rigged election, Trump says he won Wisconsin", Houston Cronicle
事实上，我赢了威斯康星州。
——据D.L. Davis在《Politifact》（2020年12月5日）报道，未经任何证据，声称“事实核查：在毫无根据的选举舞弊指控中，特朗普声称自己赢了威斯康星州”，《休斯顿纪事报》

If I lost, I’d be a very gracious loser.
—Quoted by Calvin Woodward (6 December 2020), "AP FACT CHECK: Trump floods rally with audacious falsehoods", AP News
如果我输了，我会做一个非常有风度的失败者。
——卡尔文·伍德沃德（2020年12月6日）《美联社事实核查：特朗普在集会上散布大胆谎言》

The Supreme Court really let us down. No Wisdom, No Courage!
—Quoted by Kelsey Vlamis (11 December 2020), "'No Wisdom, No Courage!': Trump lashes out at the Supreme Court after it rejected a Texas bid to overturn the election results", MSN News
最高法院真的让我们失望了。没有智慧，没有勇气！
——凯尔西·弗拉米斯（2020年12月11日）报道，“‘没有智慧，没有勇气！’：特朗普猛烈抨击最高法院驳回德克萨斯州推翻选举结果的诉求”，MSN新闻

One thing we know is you, Rosen, aren't going to do anything to overturn the election
—"Senate report details Trump's efforts to use DOJ to overturn election results" (January 3, 2021)
我们知道的一件事是，罗森，你不会做任何推翻选举结果的事情。
——“参议院报告详述了特朗普试图利用司法部推翻选举结果的行为”（2021年1月3日）

Mike Pence didn’t have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our Country and our Constitution, giving States a chance to certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously certify. USA demands the truth!
—11:24am tweet on 6 January 2021
迈克·彭斯没有勇气去做他本该做的事情来保护我们的国家和宪法，他没有给各州一个机会去证明一组更正的事实，而不是之前被要求证明的那些欺诈或不准确的事实。美国要求真相！
——2021年1月6日上午11:24 推文

To all of those who have asked, I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th.
—7:44am tweet on 8 January 2021
对于所有询问我的人，我不会参加1月20日的就职典礼。
—2021年1月8日上午7:44 推文

We will be back in some form
—Quoted by Kevin Liptak (20 January 2020), Trump departs Washington a pariah as his era in power ends, CNN
我们会以某种形式回归
——凯文·利普塔克（2020年1月20日）报道，特朗普执政时代结束，他离开华盛顿时成了弃儿，CNN

Dr. Birx is a proven liar with very little credibility left.
—Quoted by Brett Samuels (29 March 2021), Trump targets Fauci, Birx in lengthy diatribe, The Hill
伯克斯博士已被证实是个骗子，可信度已所剩无几。
——布雷特·塞缪尔斯（2021年3月29日）引述，特朗普在长篇大论中抨击福奇和伯克斯，《国会山报》

I recommend: take the vaccines. I did it. It’s good. Take the vaccines.
—"Trump booed at Alabama rally after telling supporters to get vaccinated", CNBC, 22 August 2021
我建议：接种疫苗。我做到了。效果很好。接种疫苗吧。
——“特朗普在阿拉巴马州集会上呼吁支持者接种疫苗，引来嘘声”，CNBC，2021年8月22日

We’re not going to have a country left in three years, I’ll tell you that.
—"Donald Trump Predicts America Will End Within 3 Years", quoted by David Moye, Yahoo News, 15 September 2021
我跟你说，三年内我们的国家将不复存在。
——“唐纳德·特朗普预测美国将在三年内灭亡”，大卫·莫耶，雅虎新闻，2021年9月15日

1 down, 9 to go!
—"Trump celebrates Gonzalez’s exit: ‘1 down, 9 to go!’" (September 17, 2021)
1人落败，还有9人！
——“特朗普庆祝冈萨雷斯退出：‘1人落败，还有9人！’”（2021年9月17日）

Everybody will be watching Arizona tomorrow to see what the highly respected auditors and Arizona State Senate found out regarding the so-called Election!
—"GOP-led Arizona election review closely matches Biden's winning margin" (September 23)
明天，每个人都将关注亚利桑那州，看看备受尊敬的审计员和亚利桑那州参议院对所谓的选举有何发现！
——“共和党主导的亚利桑那州选举审查结果与拜登的胜率非常接近”（9月23日）

I came up with a vaccine, with three vaccines.
—"Trump pushes back on Candace Owens: 'People aren't dying when they take the vaccine'", The Hill, 23 December 2021
我发明了一种疫苗，而且是三种疫苗。
——“特朗普反驳坎迪斯·欧文斯：‘人们接种疫苗后不会死’”，《国会山报》，2021年12月23日

I ran twice and we won twice.
This crowd is a massive symbol of what took place, because people are hungry for the truth. They want their country back.
—15 January 2022 via Elaine Godfrey of The Atlantic
我参选了两次，我们两次获胜。
这群人是那场选举的巨大象征，因为人们渴望真相。他们想要夺回自己的国家。
——2022年1月15日，《大西洋月刊》伊莱恩·戈弗雷

If I run and if I win, we will treat those people from January sixth fairly. We will treat them fairly.
And if it requires pardons, we will give them pardons. Because they are being treated so unfairly.
—30 January 2022 reported by TGP
如果我参选并获胜，我们将从1月6日起公平对待这些人。我们会公平地对待他们。
如果需要赦免，我们会赦免他们。因为他们受到了如此不公平的对待。
——TGP 2022年1月30日报道

Actually, what they are saying, is that Mike Pence did have the right to change the outcome, and they now want to take that right away. Unfortunately, he didn’t exercise that power. He could have overturned the election!
—31 January 2022, at a rally in Conroe Texas, as quoted in “Quiet part loud: Trump says Pence ‘could have overturned the election’”, by Martin Pengelly, for The Guardian.
实际上，他们说的是，迈克·彭斯确实有权改变选举结果，而他们现在想立即剥夺这一权力。可惜的是，他没有行使这项权力。他本可以推翻选举结果！
——2022年1月31日，德克萨斯州康罗市的一场集会，摘自马丁·彭格利为《卫报》撰写的《喧嚣与平静：特朗普称彭斯‘本可以推翻选举结果’》。

But when I didn’t win the election ..
—Marjorie Taylor Greene & Matt Gaetz NOT HAPPY with Jimmy & Trump FINALLY Admits Defeat (Apr 11, 2022) (video)
但当我没有赢得选举时……
——玛乔丽·泰勒·格林和马特·盖茨对吉米不满意，特朗普终于承认失败（2022年4月11日）（视频）

The left-wing gender insanity being pushed on our children is an act of child abuse—very simple.
—31 January 2023 per Rolling Stone
左翼性别歧视强加于我们的孩子，这简直就是虐待儿童。
——2023年1月31日，《滚石》杂志

They’re dying, Russians and Ukrainians. I want them to stop dying. And I’ll have that done — I’ll have that done in 24 hours
—May 2023 at a CNN Town Hall, quoted in 2 July 2024 article by Edith M. Lederer for AP News
俄罗斯人和乌克兰人正在死去。我希望他们停止死去。我会做到的——我会在24小时内做到。
——2023年5月，CNN市政厅，引用自Edith M. Lederer于2024年7月2日为美联社撰写的文章

CONSIDERING THE FACT THAT I HAD TO FLY TO A FILTHY, DIRTY, FALLING APART, & VERY UNSAFE WASHINGTON, D.C., TODAY, & THAT I WAS THEN ARRESTED BY MY POLITICAL OPPONENT, WHO IS LOSING BADLY TO ME IN THE POLLS, CROOKED JOE BIDEN, IT WAS A VERY GOOD DAY!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110828062805817649
考虑到我今天不得不飞往脏乱差、摇摇欲坠、极不安全的华盛顿特区，而且还被我的政治对手——在民调中惨败给我的骗子乔·拜登——逮捕，这真是美好的一天！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110828062805817649

The only Election Interference that took place in Fulton County, Georgia, was done by those that Rigged and Stole the Election, not by me, who simply complained that the Election was Rigged and Stolen. We have Massive and Conclusive Proof, if the Grand Jury would like to see it. Unfortunately, the publicity seeking D.A. isn’t interested in Justice, or this evidence. Also, as in Manhattan, the corrupt DOJ is pushing hard trying to keep Biden in Office. The whole system is dishonest and broken!
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/110882321735123573
佐治亚州富尔顿县发生的唯一一起干预选举的事件，是由那些操纵和窃取选举的人所为，而不是我，我只是抱怨选举被操纵和窃取了。如果大陪审团愿意，我们有大量确凿的证据。不幸的是，那些追求名声的地方检察官对正义或这些证据不感兴趣。此外，就像在曼哈顿一样，腐败的司法部正在竭力保住拜登的职位。整个系统都是不诚实的，支离破碎的！
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/110882321735123573

“Hey, I’m running against a guy, I’m going to Indict him 3 or 4 times to keep him busy.” Does anyone think that Crooked Joe Biden would have said something like this???
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110914172490735501
“嘿，我要跟一个人竞选，我要起诉他三四次，让他忙得不可开交。” 有人觉得骗子乔·拜登会说这样的话吗？？？
—https://truthsocial.com/@realDonaldTrump/posts/110914172490735501

They call it BleachBit, but it’s essentially acid that will destroy everything, you know, within ten miles.
—13 March 2024 about a computer software program, quoted in "Trump STILL Seems to Think Hillary Clinton Used Acid to Delete Emails", The Daily Beast
他们称之为BleachBit，但它本质上是一种酸，能摧毁方圆十英里内的一切。
——2024年3月13日，关于一款计算机软件程序，引自《每日野兽》“特朗普似乎仍然认为希拉里·克林顿用酸删除电子邮件”

People who are coming from parts unknown, countries that you’ve never heard of. Languages that nobody in this country speaks. We don’t even have teachers of some of these languages. Who would think that we have languages that are like from the planet Mars? Nobody, nobody, knows how to, you know, speak it.
—25 March 2024 "Donald Trump Dragged To The Moon Over New Interplanetary Dog Whistle", Huffington Post
这些人来自你从未听说过的地方，来自你从未听说过的国家。他们说着我们国家没人会说的语言。有些语言我们甚至连老师都没有。谁会想到我们竟然有火星上的语言？你知道，根本没人会说。
——2024年3月25日，《赫芬顿邮报》：“唐纳德·特朗普因新的星际狗哨被拖上月球”

Our cities are choking to death. Our states are dying. And frankly, our country is dying.
—"The Politics of Fear Itself", The Atlantic (May 7, 2024)
我们的城市正在窒息而亡。我们的州正在走向死亡。坦白说，我们的国家正在走向死亡。
——《恐惧政治本身》，《大西洋月刊》（2024年5月7日）

We have a country that’s in big trouble, but this was a rigged decision right from day one, with a conflicted judge who should have never been allowed to try this case, And we’ll keep fighting we’ll fight till the end and we’ll win because our country has gone to hell. We don’t have the same country anymore. We have a divided mess. We’re a nation in decline, serious decline, millions and millions of people pouring into our country right now, from prisons and from mental institutions terrorists, and they’re taking over our country, real verdict would come in November.
—30 May 2024 from Melissa Quinn of CBS and Ariana Baio of The Independent
我们的国家正深陷困境，但这从一开始就是一个被操纵的判决，一个心存矛盾的法官本不该受理此案。我们会继续抗争，抗争到底，我们终将胜利，因为我们的国家已经堕入地狱。我们的国家已不再是同一个国家，我们正处于分裂的泥沼中。我们的国家正在衰落，严重的衰落，数以百万计的人正从监狱和精神病院涌入我们的国家，他们是恐怖分子，正在接管我们的国家，真正的判决将在11月揭晓。
——2024年5月30日，哥伦比亚广播公司（CBS）的梅丽莎·奎因和《独立报》的阿丽亚娜·拜奥

Those J6 warriors — they were warriors — but they were really, more than anything else, they’re victims of what happened... All they were doing is protesting a rigged election. That’s what they were doing.
—9 June 2024 "Trump calls Jan. 6 defendants ‘warriors’"
那些J6的战士——他们的确是战士——但实际上，最重要的是，他们是这场事件的受害者……他们所做的只是抗议一场被操纵的选举。这就是他们所做的。
——2024年6月9日 “特朗普称1月6日的被告为‘战士’”

I pledge to the bitcoin community, that the day I take the oath of office, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris’ anti-crypto crusade will be over. On day one, I will fire Gary Gensler.
—date unknown, Financial Times article
我向比特币社区保证，在我宣誓就职之日，乔·拜登和卡马拉·哈里斯的反加密货币运动将结束。第一天，我将解雇加里·根斯勒。
——日期不详，《金融时报》文章

I’m not so sure which is better. But she either likes or loves me. And that’s nice.
—30 July 2024 about his wife Melania Trump, cited in "Trump thinks Melania ‘either likes or loves’ him following assassination attempt", Mercury News
我不太确定哪个更好。但她要么喜欢我，要么爱我。这很好。
——2024年7月30日，关于他的妻子梅拉尼娅·特朗普，引自《水星报》“特朗普认为梅拉尼娅在暗杀未遂后‘要么喜欢他，要么爱他’”

I don't want pronouns.
—31 July 2024 "Donald Trump Gets Basic English Lesson After Ridiculous Comment About His ‘Pronouns’", Huffington Post / Yahoo Entertainment
我不要代词。
——2024年7月31日 “唐纳德·特朗普因发表关于他‘代词’的荒谬言论而接受基础英语课”，《赫芬顿邮报》/雅虎娱乐

Kamabla Harris is afraid to Debate me on FoxNews
—6 August 2024 cited in "Donald Trump’s ‘Pathetic’ New Way Of Attacking Kamala Harris Is Slammed Online", Yahoo News / Huffington Post
卡玛拉·哈里斯不敢在福克斯新闻上与我辩论
——2024年8月6日，摘自“唐纳德·特朗普攻击卡玛拉·哈里斯的‘可悲’新方式在网上遭抨击”，雅虎新闻/赫芬顿邮报

Kamala has declared that tackling inflation will be a Day One priority, but Day One for Kamala was 3½ years ago. Why hasn’t she done it? .‌‌.‌‌She's a critic. That's all she is.
—14 August 2024 per NBC News article
卡玛拉宣称，解决通货膨胀将是上任第一天的首要任务，但卡玛拉上任第一天就已经三年半了。为什么她还没行动？……她只是个批评家。仅此而已。
——2024年8月14日，NBC新闻报道

Starting the day I take the oath of office, I will rapidly drive prices down, and we will make America affordable again.
—17 August 2024 At a rally in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, quoted in Trump claims he's 'better looking,' continues personal attacks toward Harris ABC News
从我宣誓就职之日起，我将迅速降低物价，让美国再次变得负担得起。
—2024年8月17日，在宾夕法尼亚州威尔克斯-巴里举行的集会上，特朗普声称自己“长得更好看”，并继续对哈里斯进行人身攻击 ABC新闻

We're going to bring up electronics too. Electronics. We buy everything away. When you see the sophistication of the product I just saw at this place, electronics is peanuts.
—20 August 2024 in "Thanks, Joe. We won't forget who was POTUS in 2020", Daily Kos
我们也要谈电子产品。电子产品。我们什么都买。你看看我刚才在这里看到的产品的精妙之处，就知道电子产品简直是小菜一碟。
——2024年8月20日，《每日科斯报》“谢谢乔。我们不会忘记谁是2020年的美国总统”

Now, they have Kamala who has many deficiencies, but she's a nasty person. The way she treated Mike Pence was horrible. The way she treats people is horrible.
—31 August 2024 Donald Trump Saying Kamala Harris Was 'Horrible' to Mike Pence Mocked
现在，他们有了卡玛拉，她有很多缺点，但她是个讨厌的人。她对待迈克·彭斯的方式很糟糕。她待人接物的方式很糟糕。
——2024年8月31日 唐纳德·特朗普称卡玛拉·哈里斯对迈克·彭斯“很糟糕”，遭到嘲笑

But the transgender thing is incredible. Think of it. Your kid goes to school and comes home a few days later with an operation. The school decides what's going to happen with your child. And you know, many of these childs [sic] 15 years later say, 'What the hell happened? Who did this to me?' They say, 'Who did this to me?' It's incredible.
—"Trump's Claim That Children Received Gender-Affirming Surgeries at School Is False", Snopes (September 5, 2024)
但跨性别这件事真是不可思议。想想看。你的孩子上学，几天后就带着手术回家了。学校决定了你孩子的命运。你知道，很多孩子15年后会问：“到底发生了什么？是谁对我做了这种事？”他们会说：“是谁对我做了这种事？”真是不可思议。
——“特朗普声称孩子们在学校接受了性别确认手术，此言不虚”，斯诺普斯（2024年9月5日）

Latin music superstar Nicky Jam. Do you know Nicky? She’s hot.
—Claimed about the singer after he endorsed Trump, quoted in "Donald Trump misgenders reggaeton star Nicky Jam at rally: 'She's hot'", USA Today (September 16, 2024)
拉丁音乐巨星妮基·贾姆。你认识妮基吗？她很性感。
——在妮基支持特朗普后，有人这样评价这位歌手，引自《今日美国》（2024年9月16日）“唐纳德·特朗普在集会上误认雷鬼明星妮基·贾姆为‘她很性感’”

Nobody can draw crowds like me... I’m the greatest of all time. Maybe greater even than Elvis. Elvis had a guitar, I don’t have a guitar. I don’t have the privilege of a guitar.
—"Donald Trump boasts he is ‘greater than Elvis’", MSN (September 19, 2024)
没人能像我一样吸引观众……我是史上最伟大的，甚至可能比猫王更伟大。猫王有吉他，我没有。我没有吉他的特权。
——“唐纳德·特朗普夸口自己‘比猫王更伟大’”，MSN（2024年9月19日）

Let’s not do any more questions. Let’s just listen to music. Let’s make it into a music. Who the hell wants to hear questions, right?
—Trump sways and bops to music for 39 minutes in bizarre town hall episode The Washington Post (October 14, 2024)
别再问问题了。我们直接听音乐吧。让它变成音乐吧。谁他妈的想听问题啊，对吧？
——特朗普在一集古怪的市政厅节目中，随着音乐摇摆了39分钟。《华盛顿邮报》（2024年10月14日）

To me, the most beautiful word in the dictionary is tariff, and it’s my favorite word. It needs a public relations firm.
—In Trump’s Economic Plan, Tariff Is ‘the Most Beautiful Word’ ‘’Bloomberg News’’ (October 15, 2024)
对我来说，字典里最美的词是关税，也是我最喜欢的词。它需要一家公关公司来处理。
——在特朗普的经济计划中，关税是“最美的词”《彭博新闻》（2024年10月15日）

If we go with Kamala, you won’t have any cows anymore.
They want to do things like no more cows and no windows in buildings.
—"Trump tells child there will be no cows under Harris", The Hill (October 18, 2024)
如果我们选择卡玛拉，你们就再也看不到牛了。
他们想做些事情，比如不让牛出现，建筑物也不开窗户。
——“特朗普告诉孩子，哈里斯领导下不会再有牛”，《国会山报》（2024年10月18日）

She's a radical war hawk. Let's put her with a rifle standing there, with nine barrels shooting at her, okay? Let's see how she feels about it, you know, when the guns are trained on her face.
—Referring to Liz Cheney, reported in Arizona prosecutor investigating Trump for saying Cheney should face gunfire Reuters (October 31, 2024)
她是个激进的战争鹰派。让我们让她拿着枪站在那里，九个枪管对着她射击，好吗？让我们看看她会作何感想，你知道，当枪口对准她的脸的时候。
——据路透社报道，亚利桑那州检察官正在调查特朗普称切尼应该被枪击一事，利兹·切尼（Liz Cheney）对此进行了调查（2024年10月31日）。

I spoke to over 100 countries. You wouldn’t believe how many countries there are.
—16 December 2024, Politico and CNN
我采访了100多个国家。你简直不敢相信有多少个国家。
——2024年12月16日，《政治报》和CNN

I’d like Egypt to take people. You're talking about probably a million and a half people, and we just clean out that whole thing and say, 'You know, it's over.’
—Regarding what to do with the Palestinian refugees currently on the Gaza Strip, quoted in Trump wants Jordan and Egypt to accept more refugees to 'just clean out' Gaza NPR (January 26, 2025)
我希望埃及接收难民。你说的大概是一百五十万人，然后我们把他们全部清理干净，然后说：“你知道，一切都结束了。”
——关于如何处理目前在加沙地带的巴勒斯坦难民，引自《特朗普希望约旦和埃及接收更多难民，以“彻底清理”加沙地带》（NPR，2025年1月26日）

The ‘Pardons’ that Sleepy Joe Biden gave to the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs, and many others, are hereby declared VOID, VACANT, AND OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT, because of the fact that they were done by Autopen.
—Quoted from Truth Social in Trump claims Biden's pardons for Jan. 6 committee are 'void' because he used an autopen NBC News (March 17, 2025)
昏昏欲睡的乔·拜登给予政治暴徒非特别委员会以及其他许多人的“赦免”，由于这些赦免是用自动笔完成的，因此在此宣布无效、空缺，且不再具有任何效力。
——引自“真相社交”网站，特朗普声称拜登1月6日给予该委员会的赦免“无效”，因为他使用了自动笔。NBC新闻（2025年3月17日）

I call it a lot of different names, but it's really, in a sense, it's a rebirth of a country because how we could have afforded to do what we did, we helped everybody and they don't help us. The term I like best probably is the liberation of America.
It's a liberation of this country because it's incredible. Look, we have 36 trillion in debt for a reason and that accumulates over a long period of time. What you're going to be seeing over the next couple of days will be very inspiring to a lot of people.
—Regarding the round of tariffs expected to be enforced on most imported goods beginning April 2nd as referenced in "Trump says India will 'substantially' cut tariffs, signals major US tariff moves" The Tribune (April 1, 2025)
我给它起了好多不同的名字，但从某种意义上说，这真的是一个国家的重生，因为我们本来有能力做到我们所做的一切，我们帮助了所有人，而他们却不帮助我们。我最喜欢的词可能是“美国的解放”。
这是这个国家的解放，因为它太不可思议了。你看，我们背负36万亿美元的债务是有原因的，而且这些债务是长期累积的。接下来几天你将看到的事情，对很多人来说将非常鼓舞人心。
——关于预计将于4月2日对大多数进口商品实施的新一轮关税，《论坛报》（2025年4月1日）中提到。

As you know, the cost of eggs has come down like 93, 94% since we took office.
—"Fact check: Trump lies about the price of eggs, groceries and gas", CNN' (April 23, 2025)
众所周知，自我们上任以来，鸡蛋的价格已经下降了93%到94%。
——“事实核查：特朗普就鸡蛋、食品杂货和汽油价格撒谎”，CNN（2025年4月23日）

‘Too Late’ Jerome Powell is a FOOL, who doesn’t have a clue.
—Claimed about the Chairman of the United States Federal Reserve, quoted in "Trump calls Fed Chair Jerome Powell a ‘fool’ after central bank keeps rates steady", CNBC (May 8, 2025)
“太晚了”的杰罗姆·鲍威尔是个傻瓜，他什么都不懂。
——这是对美联储主席的评价，引自《美联储维持利率稳定后，特朗普称美联储主席杰罗姆·鲍威尔为‘傻瓜’》，CNBC（2025年5月8日）